It sucks I'm uninstalling Numerous error messages before logging in....followed by even more error messages while attempting to search.....Searching on Google is easier.
Broken app Terrible app, fails to register every single time. Totally unusable. Whatever the issue, it is highly disappointing Do not waste time with this app
Needs improvement Good database..but app is sluggish. Improve on the search results section. Include offline database.. Add the option to view generic drug info from within the trade name of that particular drug.
Too many clicks to reach result Search is complicated. Just too many clicks to get what I want. Also back takes me to login pg instead of home. Crazy irritating.
nice initiative but app needs update for samsung galaxy note 3 lollipop OS when we search for any medicine in it ...it shows results and then abrupty gets back to the same search page...will give five stars if u fix this prblm
When start new version Not open at all I now cims it most helpful in medical filed I use HTC disier x dual SIM phone
showing Please wait after filling login information it's showing processing signalsPLEASE WAIT..... continuously from last 3 days.PLZ SOLVE THIS PROBLEM.  Android 4.4.2 Micromax canvas nitro 311
Search engine suck...same problem in new update.. uninstall ...cims India ...
Pathetic Your mobile optimised website is so much better.The app takes a lot of time to loadif and most of the times fails to load the drugs. No problem with the mobile site.
Does not log in Worst app, never been able to log in, using KitKat version.
Bakwas It cannot be registered,  it says User already registered ...wastage of Data
Not very user friendly Good effort. Pls keep it as free, so that maximum people can make use of it...
Cims So bogus,fails to register every time despite having every essential. A total waste of time'even we can't see what are the things this app is having.
It sucks Faild to register everytime even if i have android 4.0.4 waste of time
Worst app Not possible to log in even after successful registration
Not resistered each time. Only time taking app.plz dont  downloaded.
Not logging in Not logging in even after entering correct username and password. The app shows please wait sign all the time and doesn't let me log in
Bakvaas third class login hi nahi hota
not logging I try but not logging ...the username is already use....how can I log 
Bad app Not even able to log in as yet....
Need more improvement. Better then the previous version but still not perfect.
Hopeless Hopelesscant event open after sign up
It can't open yet
I can't login I am using Samsung s3 v 4.3.0. Can you help me sir
I have 4.2.2....trouble to login. ..Please fix it
