Bring back hashtags Literally nobody likes that ya got rid of the hashtags, you had a pretty solid messaging app, until some genius came up with the idea that kik codes are more convenient than simply searching a group.
Blocking Don't get me wrong I like kik but I had being randomly added to chats if you have someone blocked tht should prevent them from adding you into a chat room yall should do something about tht
Massage not delivered I don't know what happen, i tried to send a message to someone but it appears with this sign s i thought it was my signal but its not... Fix that issue
Won't send messages periodically I thought it was my connection, but it's not... Its stuck on sending a message, and it's been about 2 hours now. It wont deliver the message. The last two updates have stunk. Fix the issue
Bring back hashtags Without hashtags only hacked clients can join public groups. It is impossible to scan a kik code if the kik code is shared to my phone.
Bring back hashtags and searching for groups Im really pissed off at the new update, the hashtag and search feature for group chats was perfect, now i cant search for groups, i have to get manually added and its a really boring app now, alot of chats are dead aswell, bring back the search option and this will get 5 stars again, if not, then allt of people will start uninstalling this app, fix your app kik, it was just fine the way it was
Verification code I cannot  understand the verification code Please help me I'll change to 5 star if you help me,
When signing into another device all chat delete I use this app everyday all the time. I just hate when i log out and sign into a different device its deletes my chats. Can you please change that so the chats stay there even if we login through a different device.
Hashtags Still no s... Gifs are lame, stop trying to smooth people over with them. The kik codes are useless
Hashtags I met my current boyfriend with the use of your hashtags. You took them away which was not cool on your part. People kind of hate this app now and I bet a ton of people are uninstalling it because of the removal of the hashtags. I suggest you bring them back. Judging by how much bad plebiscite this update is getting, you'll discover the common sense to bring the hashtags back.
Removing hashtags was a bad idea and the update did jack  Without the hash tags, you'll have to only talk to people you know before hand. It'll be impossible to be in new groups if I can't even meet the people to get into new groups
The Update Is Trash No hash tags How is that helpful or easier in anyway And gifs What is this TUMBLR KIK WAS FINE UNTIL THIS TRASH UPDATE CAME ALONG. Fix it please oh my god.
Cant get it to register I can't get past the prove your human by unscrambling some nonsense impossible to read letters strung togather.  Super frustrating, can't even get the app to work to see if it sucks or not.  I understand the want to keep robots from overwhelming this but give me a break, make the letters at least somewhat readable for a human.  I tried 60 times to type the letters I see, always incorrect.
Used to like I used kik dailey and connected with friends and new people alike via groups. Searching for new groups was easy..impossible without the s..im on the verge of just uninstalling the app atm as i cant get into any of my groups or join new ones. Would love to keep it but eithout thr ability the app is useless to me. Bring back the  tags. Kik codes are useless as i dot have a seonc device to grab them from
No  Kik you failed miserably by removing the hash tags. Bring them back. We don't like using Kik codes because the DONT WORK WITHOUT A SECOND DEVICE BRING BACK THE HASHTAGS NO ONE LIKES THISYOUR LOSING MONEY
Hashtags Hashtags on group chats need to come back, otherwise there's no point in trying to make new friends on kik                                    I will give full stars when my hashtags are returned to me safe and sound. The scanner is pointless btw
Bring the s back Wow I really liked it until the new update took away the group search
