App fails to launch App won't launch on LG Leon. Immediately closes after showing dark screen. No error message.
It isn't working on my oneplus one. Immediately crashes. Closes everytime I open the app after slightly dark screen. Please fix this guys.
Used to be my favorite offline application Got unfortunately here map stopped on the middle of the road. And to make it worse is it doesn't show me the error instead keep freezing no matter where I go. The navigation won't move until I click back button on my phone, finally it show error message.
Some drawbacks are HERE Working well on Prestigio Multipad 4 Diamond. First of all, why you guys want to know so much about me and why do you need access to almost everything on my device Why apk start GPS without warning me Even more I don't have a Facebook profile for logon. So i used old fashion style what is wrong with google account. OK. Let's download apk. Why all data have to be on internal memory but not on SD card Argh. Maybe uninstall is a sution.....
I installed the app, downloaded the map and opened it  nothing. Just a blank screen hanging. Having used a previous version on another device, this wasn't the expected result. I'm not impressed. This was my goto map app  Huawei P8 Lite, Android v5.0.1 Please fix
Doesn't work Simply doesn't let me download maps.when i try to download a map I just getting this error  couldn't download
Here Map It wont stay on the app it would close it and go back the previous page plz help me i loved this app on my old phone bc it would tell me where to drive and when to turn
App doesn't opens App fails to open up on oneplus one. Just doesn't start.. No error message.
Loved this app it was my goto but now it wont even open what gives i uninstalled an installed just wont open will rate 5 if fixed thank you
OnePlus One Cyanogen OS 12.1 YOG4PAS3JL, The app doesn't open. The moment we open it, it closes automatically and doesn't even show any force close error.
The app is not opening only after download in my one plus one android phone I was great fan of this when I was using Nokia but it's not at all working in Android.
App crush App isn't working on my oneplus one and honor 6..as soon as i am opening the app, it's crushing without any messege
Doesn't work on one plus one App doesn't open on one plus one. It's a great app when it works. Please can you fix this and let us know when it works.
Can't put on SD card Seem like a good app but I can't download NACanada map because I don't have enough internal memory but won't let it be moved to SD card  until it's fixed I unistalled it
Doesn't work. Used to work perfectly on my OnePlus One running Cyanogen OS 12.1. Now it doesn't even open. When I click on the app, a blank black screen comes and it goes back to the menuhome screen. Really irritating and I see it's affecting the majority of OnePlus One users, please fix it ASAP We need HERE Maps Edit  Even after the update on 19112015, it isn't working. Do something We need HERE Maps
