About video After update this app, i cant play video anymore, please fix it immediately. IMO I dont like this version, i still like the old one.
Why should I do When I enter my phone number the reply is  invalid phone number. Please check and try again later please help me. Badly needed
No notification  i can't get notification, please fix it, i will get notification after open the app. 1 problem again, seriously you will make a expire coin .. don't make a expire coin, that's bad idea
Big matter. Why always stop working on my device Lenovo P70 please fix it.
Sorry not sorry but this app sucks. Apparently I broke my phone so I decided to temporarily move my account to my samsung galaxy tab... And it keeps on asking me for my phone number which is ridiculous because dude, I'm here because I broke my phone Also logging in by facebook doesn't work, tried it and entered my pin yet the app keeps on showing a notification like, and error has occured. please try again later. and it won't go everytime I launched the app, ooooh yeah later In hell that is
BAN THIS APP I can more or less tell you right now no one going to download the app to gain coins as it wastes time and sucks And now the coins we gained got expired date. What the hell is that Most of my frens switched to use Whatsapp rather than boring LINE. And now is my turn to uninstall LINE and switch to use Whatsapp which is fast, no annoying advertisementsssss. Bye.
This era is of globalization and you guys didn't get it Why we can't download or gift any free stickers from pir region to another region there no sense. Free coin is also fake. I tried to watch video 3 times and i only get coin for 1 timeand yes i did it in gap of 45 days. Work on this guys
Limit status alphabet For the new update, why there is the limit number of alphabet in the status Only 20 Too short Can't write anything. Also all of the status history has gone....  So sad
What is the deal I use daily and today calls won't stay connected for over 5 min Please fix for 5 stars
I know its for your saftey but I just hate having to log into a difrent device and I need toput a pin which I get from my smartphone why can't I get it on my email so you get line because I am supremely sick of this. Also why cant it log me in whats going on with Line I am tired of this. OH AND ALSO I CANT EVEN FIND THEY WAY TO ADD FRIENDS THAT ID AND STUFF DOSE'NT STINKING WORK SO DO ALL THIS OR I AM TAKING OF LINE FOREVER
Eats up all your battery Holy cow man squeezes more battery life than my screen wtf.
Keeps crashing I'm not able to use the app at all. I was able to enter and verify my phone number, but then it crashes. If I try to open it again, it crashes immediately. Please help
INVALID PHONE NUMBER Aneh, padahal nomor aktif dan sedang digunakan, tiap mau registrasi invalid terus Coba nomor lain pun sama, POOR ME..WHAT SHOULD I DO
Something goes wrong I do install this app.. But something happen. Before i can just log in easily.. But now.. I can't, i just change my phone, and i want to log in again.. But there is always show pop up box say.. An eror ocured, please try again later.. What happen actually 
Really Should I open a message from the first time I started the chat It takes a long time and I have to do it everytime. What if something urgent that you cant deny happen Please fix it.
I cant open it... I am line user since 2013.....its fine...but now i cant open it, since my friend borrow my phone to open freedom and line....now i cant open it...it says unfortinately line has stop....please help me developer.....i want to use line again.....pleaasseee help meee
Can't open the video It's well from the start, nothings wrong. But i just relize that i can't open any of video anymore Plizz fix it There's nothing can be play Fix it plizzz... everything was good btw, i like a new one, but pliiizzz FIX this Thanksss... 
The recent update is so lame I just update the last version, and the contact image can't be displayed at all, also gif stickers can't work. I tried to restart my phone but it couldn't fix anything 
Can't login How to login line without email. I already have LINE account, my previous phone is broken. I try to login my LINE account using other phone. It ask email address and password, but I can't login. I try with phone number verification, but it always back to email page.
