So much potential... I was very excited to see this on android but between the apps instability and down  scaled functionality I'm very disappointed.  For anyone seriously working on their  chops the ability to time scale the recording is key I paid the discount price.  Happier to pay full price for the functioning app  Please fix it  Galaxy Note 2 phone and Galaxy Tab 4
Great app brought down by bugs I have always used Tonal Energy, and I was super excited to see it finally coming to android. No longer do I have to carry around my iPod just to use it Unfortunately, this great practice tool is simply bogged down by constant freezes and stutters throughout the app, making it almost useless.
Too many bugs I've been using the app since just after it became available for Android. It has some really great features that give it the potential to be really awesome, but none of those features do me any good if the app doesn't work properly. It freezes often, and the only way to unfreeze it is to restart it completely. I waste a great deal of time in my practice sessions having to constantly stop to restart my metronome, tuner, or drone. This problem really needs some serious attention
I can't seem to export any recordings if I wanted to listen to it on another device
Tuning Stops It's great to finally see TE on Android but I have been encountering one major bug that renders the app useless. After a couple minutes the tuner just stops tuning. I double checked that it was still receiving audio from the microphone by using a couple other features of the app and it is receiving it fine. Please look into this error as I have to use another tuner for the time being.
Teribble I had looked forward to using this ever since I saw how well it worked on some. However, this app freezes an awful lot, like every couple seconds, and in order to fix that, I need to restart the entire app. Also, I had bought this app at night and didn't test it until the next morning. Since it was past two hours, I couldn't get a refund. I'm really disappointed in this app. I hope you fix it and make it just as good as the apple version.
Doesn't work I uninstalled it twice.  This does not work.  The only thing it does is play the note, but does not analyse anything.  If you get it to work let me know.  Using a Samsung Galaxy Note 4.
