Wants you to pay The only way to get views is to pay. The only way to stand out is to pay. You gotta pay to use functions and pay to see certain things. It's freemium for dating Yay.....
Can't even join.. so fail Can't even join. App keeps telling me to check the nonexistent I'm not a robot box. As you can see by your 1 star rating, I'M NOT A ROBOT.
The Matches tab doesn't update properly. The Quickmatch tab shows new members but they don't show up in the Matches tab regardless of how it's sorted. This sucks because you can't view their profile.
Sucks It's not letting me register.. Can't get past it... wasted my mb nd stressed myself out..
Getting worse with each update Number of fake profiles tripled in last 4 months. Have to scroll through pages of whales to find someone semi attractive. Pretty much have to pay for any feature that makes this app worthwhile...
Rubbish Network keeps being slow. Messages sent but not received. Matches are also a mess. If this is the best dating app I would hate to see the worst
They suck, deleted my account don't know why I wouldn't even give them 1 star but I had to.... don't waste your time
Don't bother While the matching system has its merits OKCupid finally took away the last thing that made this great for free users by sneaking in an update. They removed your ability to see who liked you, even going so far as to blur the picture so you can't find them on quickmatch. Congrats OKCupid Watch your active user base decline just like POF and Tinders did and another free dating app will absorb your user database
A very effective time wasting tool Never has dating been so convoluted and unnecessarily restrictive and complex. The questions are horrible and the community is a giant hipster clique of selfimportant art students and morbidly obese women. This service is completely broken and is only successfully used for gay one night stands. Why anybody uses it for any reason beyond that is out of the sheer lack of free options.
Like it except... THERE IS NO  WARNING OR ANYTHING BEFORE YOU INADVERTENTLY DELETE A WHOLE LIFEALTERING STRING OF MESSAGES THAT CONNECTED YOU TO YOUR LOVER. And no way of recovering it... Might I also add how ridiculously easy it is to accidentally do this. No you do not deserve anything but 2 star until this is fixed. Till then, excuse me, I need to go pout some more and wiggle my eyebrows at the same time
Suspended error I've just got registered for 1 night and the it shows that my account has been suspended due to violence issues Serious What's wrong with you I've done nothing but just chat with few peoples, maybe some bitches just get jealous and reported me as violence and you guys never check the issue but straight away suspended my account I was totally shock and dissapointed and will never ever downloaded again for such stupid apps 
Edit 2 not fixed, pics still not showing up, just black with white hyphen. Edit seems fixed I don't recall an update, but the interface has changed slightly,  the pic problem seems resolved.
