A fooling company You have given an add in talking to that at every first download we will get coupons upto RS 2000 and we didn't get any coupons of rs... on our first download of your app.So I request you to don't make people fool.                                                 0 stars to myntra
Bad service we are unable to view your bag.. Please try again. What the boody hell is this I have been trying to buy stuffs through this app since yesterday. But i get the same message over and over again.. I am sure the stuff i wanna buy will be sold out before i can buy it. I cant log in using web browser either because you chaps are hell bent on making myntra and flipkart apponly. Thanks to this app only strategy, you've just lost a customer.. I m going somewhere else. Good riddance.
Awaful I downloaded this in tab half the images do not display rest are stretched.  The website was good but in order to collect more of our personal preference and pattern and other personal details they have forced us to go for app. I changed my loyalty to amezon
Pathetic service Ordered casual shoes of roadster but this people deliverd a used product..there was no tag on it ..the stiches were open..and when i returned the product i was informed that cashback process usually takes 11 working days..i was ok with it but now its more than a month
Worst update Previously it was good..after the current update turned out be worst..the design is not user friendly..how can i go to Wishlist from shopping bag now Where is the add from Wishlist button the green color of the button is too shiny..not able to even look at it..and in the home page.. images are not at all loading.. scrolling infinitely.. who gave this worst ideas and designs..what a waste.....
Bullshit A lots of my products can't be dispatched in my locality. Whereas my friends have all been ordering.. Bullshit myntra
Disappointed Bought 3 sarees, but the product is entirely different from the picture in description, very bad quality. Disappointed with the very first purchase. Not going to buy anything anymore. Not recommended. No option for feedback.
This is worst return request policy.I have kept return request,but the product is still not picked up since 15 days
0s 100 frauds with fake offers Came with new referral fraud after so many cheating in size  delivery. Now every device it will show referral valid for new device. Hell both will be fooled by increasing their cramp downloads. SHAME ON YOU
Bad and unnavigable Poor design and bad service make for a terrible experience. Unnecessary notifications and no updates on Purchases. They have delayed delivery on multiple occasions now.
Not found a negative Star to rate Don't buy discount items, it's quality is not good and if return for any size issue, they won't accept it and tell you that the item has been used and doesn't meet the return policy
Very awful and frustrated experience It was a really disgusting ,disappointed and very very poor service provided by Myntra customer service.. They themselves don't know the procedure and to provide correct information to their customers on time..know only to assure  so many things but not to fulfill or satisfy them....don't have a zero rating else would have given the same...
Make fool of urself Althought everything is fine but in case u buy a product which u later come to know is defective. First go and search the price tag of that product or keep that usedless product with urself no one will listen u.
Just garbage App doesn't work. ...hangs...loads damn slow. ...fails.....n finally you can't pay...for products after wasting 2 hrs of time
App was designed well but loading of images too slow. Design  interface of the app and description of items were good. But, loading of the images is very slow and many of the images do not even load even over a fairly good network connection. The performance has deteriorated too much.
Cannot make payment I Got the message we are sorry Unable to view your bag.please try again.I have been trying to buy some products from your app since yesterday.please give me a solution for this asap.
Can't login using Google account Without logging in, I can't access my wish list or anything.. Very disappointed
Not able to order I find good collection of clothing in myntra and had selected some also, but am not able to place the order. This app is absolutely inconceivable. It goes to stagnant page where nothing can b done
Waste of time Everytime you scroll the amount fluctuates as they come to know you a frequent user..how will we buy stuff then. ..what a marketing strategy to fool ppl with discounts. ..would prefer buying stuffs directly from shops even if there's no discounts than wasting time over this bloody app
Shipping is too high If I need to buy only one facewash cost is 100 I need to pay extra 99rs for shipping lol. Local market is much better than you will get the product near 9095 and without any shipping charge
Amount of rs 2598 deducted but order not processed. The products are still there in my cart. Nothing is being shown in My Orders. The app is too slow it almost stopped responding while processing payment.
Do not update it I recently updated the app for better experience but only to find out that all the images in the updated version is blur n all hazy....u wont even be able to figure out wat u trying to buy. now I dont even wan to open the app.....I would recommend not to update it....although my past experience with the older version was good but this update thing I really regretted it now...
Bakwaas.. Main Nike ka shoes kharida myntra se 3 month me fat gaya.. store pe dikhaya toh bola fake product h..myntra wapas lene se mana kar diya. Bola 20se jyada discount pe liya h..Plz kuch mat kharido ye sab customer ko murkh bana rahe h..
Big cheater App ever y Fake offer And fake produced   Fake offer refer and earn plz ben on this fake app
