Don't trust their app with payback Full of bugs. My 4000 payback points redeemed , but order price not changed. Payback points got used up  don't know if they will be credited back or not , last time same thing happened and I did not get them back
Order proccessing is not good We have ordered 6 items and we had paid the amount by debit card and 1item is still not received yet ..not a good service at all not reaching at time..
Order processing sucks My order got cancelled ri8 wen im processing it. The amount is been detected along with the payback points and stil the order is stuck. I hav the screen shots will be uploading them shortly
Cheating I had placed return order of 3 kurtis due to size issues size assistance given for certain brands are misleading. I was able to see status as return initiated, whilst i am waiting wit the items to be returned...i see in my acount today that my return orders have been removed from profile without any update to me inspite of placing return order within 15 days of receipt
Cash on delivery Cash on delivery extra charges is not good it should be free there... It's not suitable to manage all the customers to pay extra charges of cash on delivery ........Plz take action ASAP
Seriously Crazy  it is I was trying to purchase some items using my jabong credits  additional amount. whn moves to transaction page it goes blank and I try to press back. .now I wont find my credits for next day. .shitt man. . today again I tried to order using my card. .money got deducted and I find order was not successful.  .later I tried to make it as COD. .it shows order confirmed now. .thn why to use pay online section
Get your basics right While trying to have a close look at the items, only the 1st image loads n the rest appear blank, been like this from the past 3 months, its the basic necessity of any consumer to have a close look before buying anything...poor maintenance
Shut this damn fraud app I wish I could give negative rating to this app. I had a really bad experience last time, but after very sincere apologies from the customer care, I decided to give it one more try. But, these people will not improve. This time they did even worse. Deducted around Rs.4000 from my bank account and just after receiving the payment, they cancelled the order. I want my money back. Please don't use this fraud app. Other websites are way more customer friendly.
The app hangs a lott.. I have 4 more shopping apps installed in my phone.. But I face no problems using them.. But using jabong app is a headache to me.. Although I like the collection on jabong.. But because of unfair app I always have to withdraw shopping
Bloody cheaters and worst services Jabong is the biggest cheater company as we people trust on it. it Shows FAKE OFFERS and waste customers time and MONEY and their customer service executive are like we will call u back in 1 hr and after that they will not call you again and you stay in mid and your order get delayed and u can't return it.  FRAUD COMPANY            THERE IS NO REPLY TO MAIL SINCE FRIDAY AND MAIL TO CHEIF MANAGER IS BLOCKED BY YOU CHEATERS
Bad app, worse service, worst experience They charge extra for CoD, pickup wasn't available at my location Karol Bagh, one of the most popular places in Delhi, have much lesser products than Myntra or flipkart or Amazon or Snapdeal, gives me a notification everyday for The biggest flash sale, SUPER ANNOYING Now why will someone not use literally any other online shopping app or website. Edit No refund to Bank account, only in app refunds Another reason to just go with Myntra.
Bogus offer's waste of time They claim an offering of more than 80 Discount's... But one will not be able to select any of the low price shoe at all.... Absolute waste of time... Regretting for downloading such a shabby app
Totally fake I got disc of 5000 but not get it cheat
Worst experience with app...  Making fool of customers....   It adds up extra tax when u are about to check out...    I wish I could have been able to give negative stars...
Fake get flat 90 off Link is unavailable to click all the times no matter how much page is refreshed in different browsers, this has happened few times not good at all from jabong
Dunno yet Have been looking for a pay on delivery international online shop and I dunno if this is one. Will appreciate ur reply pls. Thks
Pathetic They already show higher price as compare to other sellers like flipkart and amazon, cherry on the cake is addition of taxes while checking out. I ll never buy from Jabong. This sale is more expensive than fresh products...lol
Everything is fake, jabong sucks Sala sab fake hai, shirt select kiya but size ka koi option he nh aaraha hai or nahi bag me add ho raha hai, totally disappointed
Fake sales I saw flat 86 discount sale in app and checked it. It's bogus. I tried to buy sandals and whenever I tried to add it to bag it asked to select size Bt there is no size to select. It's same with many items kept for this sale. And sale ended after half an hour. If jabong really want people to buy then stop playing and fix this.
Bakwas ....rubbish ...sale k baad bhi... same rates ....koi matlab ki sale nhi hoti ...rubbish it's just to make fool ...It made me very angry ..Plz don't install it
Worst online shopping site ever,most of the products quality is so bad and they don't even have proper arrangements for return pick up in some towns and all the extra charges are too high.
Wishlist says products not saved Why can't I see my wishlist. Its so annoying. I have to search for the clothes I wish to buy now. Fix it ASAP
Fake This app is selling fake Nike air max 2015 cause the symbol of Nike is not correct U can see on other shoes it is starting from the tip of the shoe U can get the same shoe for 35 thousand on shopclues.Sd n amazon is better tho they don't sell fake products tho....
Lots of bugin app Once you put filter unable to remove the filter, have good app testing team the app suck its just waste your time, uninstalling it.
Cheated I was a regular customer to this app and then I got a voucher of Rupees 300 on products worth rupees 999 and that voucher can't be applied.Please fix this bug soon or I will install the app.
Order process sucks  Worst app I ve placed an order on 10112015 and no update so far says pending confirmation and can't cancel it too.
