Shows a constant 1 on Gmail Counter will not go away on Gmail Exchange account, constantly says I have 1 unread message when I do not. Deleting and readding the account clears it. Unacceptable.
Buggy Frequently generating  this app is causing your device to run slowly  messages on my s6. Bugs, bugs, bugs. Had to uninstall. This is a battery drainer guys. No more unread notifications sadly 
Rubbish Not working with Gmail. ANOTHER APP, WHICH WORKED PERFECTLY, THEN THEY MESSED AROUND WITH IT, AND BROKE IT. ITS JOINED THE GROWING LAST OF DAILY UPDATES. CAN'T ANYONE PROGRAM ANYONE
Needs work The default state for email count is always at 110, and I don't have 110 emails in my account. When I receive some I let it get to about 12 unread emails the count stated 112, so I don't know what's going on. I have reinstalled nova and this app two times now and still doing this. Please fix.
One star because the developer's QA process is flawed. The app is released to the market without properly testing it. As an example read all the issues reported with Facebook and unread counts. It's been a recurring issue. I understand that you can't check compatibility with all apps out there, but how about just the basic ones, such as email, Gmail, and Facebook
Issues I'm using this app with Nova launcher and it's having an issue. I have my Facebook app in a folder. Whenever I get a Facebook notification, the number indicated on the unopened folder icon is always double the actual notification number for the individual Facebook app once I open the folder. So if 2 people like a status of mine, I'll see the number 4 on the folder containing the Facebook app. Once I open the folder, the correct number 2 is shown over the Facebook app.
Is this ever going to be fixed As good as Nova Launcher is, it's useless if this addon does not show missed calls, messages and email. It's broken with no word on when it will be fixed.
Still no support for Google Inbox I've been using the app with Nova Launcher for a long time and love them both, but very disappointed that there's still no support for Google Inbox. I've emailed the dev and for a response that they would look at it but still nothing. Please can this be logged at again
Still having problems On my Note 4 facebook messenger stays with 1 message even if I chk them all I hope so much that this was going to be addressed but I see lack of interest of these developers.
Doesn't work Fix the app please.  It's been doing this incorrect count for a long time now.
Not good that you block a number on Google SMS Messenger, and yet when you receive a SMS from said blocked number it won't display in the app but Tesla Unread shows a notification badge. Have to open the app, unhide blocked contacts, read the SMS, and rehide the contact. Terrible experience
Double figures I have a double figures issue.  I have Facebook in a folder and oddly the older shows double what my notifications actually are. So if I have one notification on Facebook the folder will display 2 however when I open the folder the Facebook app displays one correctly. This is on a galaxy s6 using nova prime.
Wrong numbers I agree with other reviews.  My stock samsung email always says the same number 20 no matter how many actual unread emails there are and my Gmail I use inbox says double what it is.  It use to work over a month ago...
Hasn't been working correctly for the last week Somewhere one the course of the last few updates I'm experiencing similar behaviour to a number of other users. The Facebook count is permanently stuck on one even there are no notifications to acknowledge, plus the native Samsung Galaxy S6 email app is also permanently stuck on 3 emails when there is nothing unread.
No longer working properly... S5 running CM11... Had been fine until fairly recently. No longer correct count with Textra or FB... Is doing exactly the same as the last few people have said.
Samsung Galaxy Note 3 4.4 WHATS GOING ON IS THIS GOING TO BE FIXED OR DO I HAVE TO PURCHACE A NEW LAUNCHER. Ok but has 1 notification get stuck and most don't work like Facebook, outlook and others. Even before update. FIX NEEDED ASAP
Fail Worked for a while. But now constantly shows 182 unread messages in Galaxy S5 email program.  Why is it so hard to get something right that works on the iPhone right out of the he box  Seriously... What are they using to get the unread count  A random number generator
The Facebook count is permanently stuck on 1 even there are no notifications to acknowledge or even when there are more than 1 notification, the count is stuck on 1 , plus the native Samsung Galaxy S3 email app is also permanently stuck on 1 email when there is nothing unread. Any ideas what to doI unistall and reinstall facebook and TeslaUnread App, i have delete cache etc but the badges is still there. This is really annoying.
Fb count issue Like others I am having the issue where my Facebook folder shows double the amount of notifications. When I open the folder the correct number is shown on the Facebook icon.
Badge Counting needs remedial math The Android Mail application where I am connected to an Exchange server frequently displays a message count of 999 or other erroneous counts when I have only one new unread message. Help
From 5 stars to 2 stars Now broken. Email counter useless. Sometimes accurate, often just nonsense. Fix overdue
Does not work.   Uninstalled Super broken.   Hasn't worked for a good long time with nova launcher.   Doesn't work with Google inbox.   Doesn't work reliability with any of the apps that it says it works for.   Shame because their nova launcher is such a great product.
Used to love, but now getting false positives For ever this app has been flawless.  But over the last week... I started getting both false positives texts, and fb,  and also no notifications on fb.   Did the last update break this formerly wonderful app
Not working Latest updates broke the functionality.  Verizon Galaxy Note 4. Badges stopped working for native email app.  Get stuck in the same count for Gmail regardless of actual unread emails.  I've tried reinstalling the app and restarting the phone to no avail.  Please fix.
Great, but battery drained I love the functionality but it's killing my battery for some reason. It's the top power drain on my phone.
Doesn't work for Inbox or Hangouts by Google They can be selected via general notification bar watching but it miscounts them. There're separate toggles for hangouts  inbox specifically that are useless. Once it's cleared from your notification tray, it doesn't remain as a badge as an unread msg on the icon.
