Logging in problems I can only log on through notifications that someone else logged on.
Chat does not work, neither does help After 2 days of using this app, now when i go into someone's scope and chat they can't see me.  The help process doesn't work.  The word scrambles are illegible and do not work.  The audio help function does not work either.
No way to reply I can't figure this app out when the broadcaster is in real time there's no way to reply while their on... I don't know how to do this and periscope should be tied into Twitter Instagram or wherever the broadcaster is doing it so that you can reply
It stop working on my tablet I still get notifications but when I go to watch the,  broadcast it want open I just don't get it and I reported it several times and it has not been fixed yet Periscope Sucks right now
Basic Failure Still can't reorient the app so it doesn't appear upside down, let alone present a landscape view
N0body can read my comment Well as i see it this app became a joke, who ever takes care of this app are Not doing their job, i reeber this app first day it came off, lots of glitches, but it was fixed and worked and as of now its even worst then that, constand lag, bad quality, nobody seesy COMENTS WTF 1 STAR TILL ITLL BE FIXED ILL THINK ON GIVIN 3 IF SONE PROPERLY
Who designed the UI This app is awful.   Hard to figure out.   Names of broadcasters are cryptic.   No guidance.   And if you accidentally touch the scree during a video you give it a heart   What if,  for instance,  you are watching footage of Paris or a Riot or something newsworthy and you touch your screen.   Are you then saying oh,  I love this bad thing that I'm watching.   WTF.
Unstable app Often hangs on opening on both tablet and phone Android. Sometimes requiring a restart. Should not have been released without actually testing.
Disabled Account I was just informed my Periscope account has been suspended in the middle of a broadcast with my pet. Sent several messages to find out why, but the reuse to answer
Can't search broadcasts I deleted this app 5 minutes after downloading it. There is no option to search the broadcast. Am I supposed to scroll through possibly thousands of broadcast until I find what I'm interested in watching...Suuure I will.
Disabled My account has been disabled for 2 months. I don't believe that anyone is managing this app.... I have emailed countless times and no response
The app still download on galaxy samsung phone Pls fix it doesnt work.It keep on download,n you cant sometimes type comment
I don't like it I can watch other people but the video won't work for me
Private broadcasting needs fixed ASAP The private broadcasts haven't worked since September. I can't select any followers to broadcast to in private broadcast mode. I shouldn't have to only watch who I'm following. What's the fun in that  Will rate higher ifwhen fixed.
Latest update...not so great Why can't you make a setting to turn off old broadcasts on the map view. Slows everything down too much.
Very buggy. Unstable and always crashing. And their decisions about morality lack morals or logic
Doesn't work Can't get through
Fix It keeps crashing and won't let me open scopes when I finally get on a scope boots me out and say periscope not working plz fix
App won't work. Either won't play the video or just completely locks up.
