Sucks after the update I recently was asked to update the app. Not only that I lost my previous subscription of tinder plus after the update, but also now the location setting configuration keeps popping out. No matter I answered yes or no to switch on or off  the location setting, it will keep popping out. Again and again, non stop. Please fix this hell of a pop out Thx.
New update It really sucks to have other people you don't know where you work or your school WTH This is privacy violation. The part showing when someone was last on line helps know when you can talk to them. People have different hours Yes, the moments was a way to stay connected. I'm thinking your going to lose a lot of people. I know at least 9 that deleted their account.
New update is a fail I cannot login at all, even after uninstall and reinstalling and retarting.. I really dont like that it will show where you work or what school you attended.  I was talking to someone and now can't  Go back to old version please.
New update was meh The new stuff in the update doesn't make up for the fact we can no longer see when a person was last online to skip dead accounts or the fact we no longer have moments. Add those things back in and I'll update to 5 stars.
New update sucks I need to know when someone's active, or the last time they were.. I don't want to match with someone who hasn't been on in a month Also the removal of moments, not very smart. If it doesn't change soon, I'm deleting the app.
Anyone know how to actually log in Can't log in, and some messages are disappearing. Using it one sec then it tells me I can't login because of Facebook
New update You know what you did... don't release a new update and remove vital features of your app. As far as I'm concerned you've killed tinder. Nice job 
New update sucks My workplace and University are listed. Plus I can't see when someone was on last, I don't want to waste my time talking to them if they never actually use the app.
Big privacy invasion. .. Why do I have to let know to total unknown people about my school, or work..... Or my location.... It sucks....
SUCKS The new update sucks They took away you being able to view the last time someone was on and if they read your message. Also, the app keeps logging you out, it won't let you check your messages and it's soooooooooooo annoying
This thing sucks It wont even let me log on and it keeps getting my location wrong. It thinks I'm still in San Diego..It's been a week            NOW IT JUST DOESN'T EVEN LET ME LOG ON .....DID EVERYTHING IT TOLD ME TO ........YOU GUYS JUST SUCK ....JUST DELETING IT
Won't let me log in It won't let me log in anymore it was working just fine then... boom It wouldn't let me log in and it keeps saying error and I restarted my phone and uninstalled it and reinstalled it but nope nothing works 
Moments Last active Took about a dozen reinstalls to get it to let me log in. Why'd you take away my moments And the last active timer is a necessity. Anyone looking, OkCupid still has this feature.
New update New update sucks  No last active anymore and no more moments. And now everyone can see where you workgo to school.  Not liking it
Don't like the last update I don't need to have people know where I work or went to school. These are essentially strangers and I would like to have control over what information I share with them. This information will be divulged in texting if you end up talking with a match anyways.
Wtf Every single person showing on my feed is now instantly liking me and there's the same pic for 3 people in a row. It's all trying to get you to another pay website. Sort it out or me and No doubt a lot more will leave
not logging in. seriously this is getting annoying. every time i come out of it.it will kick me out then not let me log back in..... fix it
No last active Latest update tells strangers where you workwent to school, but doesnt tell you when they were last online, terrible idea
I have to turn on my gps in order to use this app. I don't want to use my gps so it can locate where I am. The pop up won't go away unless I click yes when asking to turn it on. If I say no it'll just keep coming back up 
BRING BACK MOMENTS you were a solid 4 until you got rid of Moments. they were great ice breakers and conversation starters. I'll change my rating when they come back.
New Update Got rid of last active and now shows where you work or went to school. Keep getting error message trying to connect to store
Update removed features Unfortunately, the new update removed some features that I really enjoyed. Moments, which allowed users to share a snapshot of something of interest was taken away. This was a good way to generate something of interest and I'm really disappointed that it was taken away. The benefits of the new features don't outweigh the loss of moments.
Great but annoying bug When I'm in the app and I receive a message from someone, the blue notification bar appears, right For me it appears 34 times, one after the other, for the same person. Also, notifications come a lot faster than the message actually appears.
Update is a failure The new update is not helping anyone's privacy, plus, as other members said, i can't log in anymore, can you please fix this situation 
The new update sucks It won't let me login to my tinder account anymore It keeps giving me error for logging in with Facebook and nothing should be wrong
Gets worse with each update Sharing work and education without asking is a serious violation of privacy. Moments were removed. No longer shows last active.
Won't open from notification Won't open from notification window, just freezes then force closes, more fake girls than real  galaxy note 4
Where are Moments I can't find moments Moments in the new update Where are they Moreover, I can't see when people were active the last time.
Fail Undo everything you just did with the last update. Revive moments and last active, remove workschool info.
So much spam 8 of 8 most recent matches have told me I need to sign up and pay for tinder safer or something else like that. About to uninstall.
New update I really don't want to share where I studied and where I work, with strangers. Particularly if it's visible to those I haven't mathed with.
 Sucks now It super glitchy now and the whole new set up is stupid now cant see if someones been online or not. Dont like it. How do I know if someone hasn't been active for months plus they can see where I go to school and work. Not really smart to take away moments either
Keeps crashing Cannot do anything on my pad with this app as it keeps coming up with change GPS and does not make a difference if you choose yes or no as it pops up again and again and again........................
