What happenned This app takes forever to respond and upload files now... And I'm on my home WiFi                                OLD  Having Dropbox on my PC , phone and tablet allows me to easily work on my files just about anywhere. I never worry about losing a thumb drive anymore. The app tieins are really nice too. I only wish they had a lesis expensive paid plan for nongroup users like they used to.
Deletion  I tried to move 136 photos to an album and, of course, it said that it had an error. It couldn't process that much and so I thought I could section it up but when I went back to my gallery on my phone the whole album is gone 
I'm beginning to hate this app 3rd Update My gosh, Dropnox Aren't you really going to update this app so it can be moved to the SD card I have 1TB of space and my photos are on auto upload... I don't have s0ace anymore on my phone and I can't keep this app any longer Is this app really just for computers
The passcode is unstable.  Sometimes its just dont protect the app.  Whats the point of having a passcode and when somebody can open the app without needing one Please solve this
Was the Best app ever  I don't know what you guys have done with the last update but it's lost  EVERYTHING  in every Dropbox folder including the folders.  Now there is a screenshot folder I didn't make and 3 files.. The rest is all gone.  I thought it was me but I turned on my tablet I hadn't used for ages and found it had it all there.  I rushed to get the settings in case I'd done something but in meantime it updated and my Dropbox folders disappeared as I watched... What the heck guys
Dropbox Really hate any enforced bloatwere crap app that Google pays phone makers to install on your device Should be a law against it Wasted data and space, will only use this crap when they're making snowmen in hell.
Seriously Performance updates in a small, easy to download 41MB package No actual changelog necessary
Disappointed The sort options are bad. You update file name on computer and the app changes sort. Terrible to try and find things when you name them. Needs to be fixed.
Already Account but couldn't sing in.. I have already an account in Dropbox and uploaded some file in past but now I m trying to install and sign in than error occurred display that ''soory we Are under construction maintainance we will back you soon'' plz fix this
Trash Never make an app that cant be removed. Click uninstall just to remove its recent update What a joke.
shitty i don't even need dropbox. But I  need to open pictures from the galery. if I don't have installed it, dropbox will unfortunaly stopping. lt
Transferred all my pictures to here  from Gallery and went to look at them '' GUESS  '' what most of them are gone. Thanks for nothing. THEY were of my grand children ect.
Low storage It offers security with pin. Good work. However 2GB is too small. With Copy and Google Drive we get 15GB...A review may be required. 4 stars to 2 stars..
Super easy to embarrass you. This app is great to automatically back up photos, but is horrific when it comes to organizing your photos or going back and trying to find something and delete it. The interface is garbage. Thank you Dropbox, for allowing me to show my biological mother my erect penis.
Just becoming more and more invasive It's online storage, been using it for years now it wants to take over my phone. I know the benefits of saving to Dropbox and if I want to put a picture there I will... I don't need you sending a fecking notification everytime I do something on my phone.
