Not able to add another postpaid no Before the last update, I have two postpaid numbers registered in the app,  but now I am only able to see one and if I try to add the other, it says Already added.
Update is buggy Recharge fails every time when I am trying to make any payments, even I didn't get my money back which was supposed to be returned due to a failed transaction.
Payment issue Overall good but when I try to pay n fill up all details of card it shows 'due to some error can't pay'  all D time.. So plz sort out my issue.. So now I m giving u only one star..
Good and bad both My opinion it just a recharge apps like other paytm, freecharge .airtel need make apps like reliance instacare .this  apps make any request like network,balance deduction make request for any activation service, pack and many more and also bill payment and prepaid recharge only reliance but it's ok
No special offer If there wud half star for rating, i wud select that.. no special offer for long.. wht kind of offer u want to display.. get 1GB 3G for recharge 265.. and again get 1GB 3G for rs 295 for 28 days.  same.. apart from that no special offer for particular mobile num and data recharge are too costly
Airtel becomes a blade company After my latest update airtel stopped all the prevailing offers that were applicable to me.  Moreover they always  send me push messages with offers and ask to reply by pressing 1 and deduct the amount. But then they say that offer is not applicable to me. Treacherous deals from corporate company... I write these things here because they is no other place to say. Their customer care service is good for nothing
Unable to browse the internet... Hi, I complaint to customer care several times regards unable to browse the internet past 03 weeks, when I switch on the mobile data it's showing connected but mails. What's app etc are not updating, please help me to resolve this issue, Around 700MB 4G I have not used because of this issue, for your reference hand set details are below       Lenovo A6000plus  4g support,
Customer care chat Why dont you introduced customer care chat option like Vodafone so that we can sort our issues without calling u guys.. why did u remove shake option which gives ring  direct  us to our best option of recharge.. Earlier version was good.
Worst Airtel App Previous app was better. This app is not showing detail of my account itself. Its showing my other added accounts. But its not showing my log in account. And the worst thing is that it can not be logged out once installed even if you reinstall the app it will be already logged in.
Some added numbers disappeared Added numbers disappeared,after every update some added numbers disappeared, I tried to add no it says no already added but no not displayed on app.
Virus After downloading this app, my security option shows that this app contains some kind of virus and it strongly demands me to uninstall this. What should I do
Not able to recharge Not able to recharge prepaid number...showing only recharge through airtel money..whereas earlier i was doing it through net banking..solve issue as soon as possible
Bad Previous was bettr..cud find a variety in plans...thia one bad...only shows best offrs, now not even can get registered..dunno y
Unable to add money in the airtel Money For net banking Sbi bank was not available also the while am trying for the Sbi debit cards that was not getting proper response
Previous version was better in info Where is option to view my data usage My unbilled amount The app has become useless now. Vodafone offers a better app. Learn something from them Airtel.
Too many bugs 1.After disable family share option it remove the active data connection form the number then internet charges are taken from main balance..  2.can't give complaints through app it always showing Email not found if I give email id it shows unable to fetch..  3.each and every time after refresh of app then data balance showing different amounts..4.Can't recharge through this app 5.after topup data balance not showing in app.
Showing wrong Data Balance  Not able to pay bills after update Last bill cycle it kept showing i have data, even sms query sent same result. As per according to last data check I was within limit of my data balance. Got the bill with amount added for data uses over balance.... Fraudsters...quite a neat trick to make you overspend. After update its not allowing bill payment. What's use of this crap called app
Worst Update How much Data balance left in my account is not showing, it shows as no data packs are activated for your number. Old app is much better than this new app. Newly updated app is only two useful options like night data cash back  family share, rest updates are not useful.
Haven't received my 1gb data I used this app to recharge Rs297, I got my balance but no data is received till now and customer care is  not aware about the offers available on this app.
Not Bad New Update Looks Good  Looking. But In DTH Option I Can't See What Channels In Some Specific Addon Packs. It Shows Only Options To Add Only. Of Not Showing What Channels Available In That Pack Then How Could I Recharge   ....Your Only Aim Is Recharging Only . You Are Concerned About Publics Opinion. Add This Option To See All Channels  List. And Your Webiste Is Totally Worst In There Also I Can't Do Anything . Only Recharging .....Try To Improve.....
Doesn't show Call balance It is just one suggestion that it would be better if the app shows the minutes left in a STD pack. So that one can know the usage of the STD pack..
After updating I'm not able to view national calling balance after updating app earlier it was working. Can you please fix this.
Worse to use The earlier one is fantastic, but this is truly worse. full talk time plan show for Inr 250 But checking through 121 Best plan available is 170  same is for 3g plan.  It is good to get phone Recharfe through Other web site atleast 1 Is refundable
One of mobile no not displaying in my account One of my mobile no. is not showing in my account list. I had tried to add the same number but i am getting the reply that this mobile no is alerady added to your account. Pls assist.
Under par development App stuck frequently,  consume more memory and no option to updatesee ur birthday for getting discounts plus the night data cash back is not yet available for post paid customer
