Ufc 193 prelims blacked out. I cant even buy the ppv. Sucks big time after the update 
Please hire better developers ... It does not load or takes a long  time to load ... Am not impressed ... UFC fans deserve better
Why are the legacy fights not easy to find and all previous fightstv shows not in any of the menus Why is the uk blacked out for nearly every fight Terrible
Can't replay fights after a live event, so if you can't watch it live, you are forced to wait weeks before you can watch a replay. The interface is very confusing, it takes a long time before you find the fight of this week the thing most ppl want to watch. Very bad quality and very chaotic app. don't recommend this at all
Unreliable  Crashes Constantly Since last upgrade it crashes more often than it loads. Can't comment on the actual content because it rarely works. I use the website instead. Disappointing
That's bs Keeps putting error when I try to load the appit says turn of your airplane mode or connect to WiFi well then fck it
Meh... Still doesn't load fight cards properly.  Prefer to still use the ufc website.
Problem I can't get this app to reload after they upgraded it.. there seems to be no way to report this. Reload my app and I will give you 5 stars..
URGENT PAYMENTS DOESN'T RECONCILE ON PC I payed for PPV UFC193 on the app, I even got the receipt sent to my email and had debit come out of my account. But when I go to bring up fight pass website on my laptop it asks me to pay again  This is terrible 
Poor UI Still a dated design and the content doesn't justify the price for UK users. It should be easier to browse and find good content as well as new content. Needs more shows like UFC now as this is the same price as a Netflix subscription although it's nice to have Chromecast support.
wont play a thing every time i try and play a video it never loads awefull waste of money
Pay monthly and no payperview access you pay for the WWE channel you get every pay per view More money more money more money
Still needs a lot of work. The live events section still rarely shows the fight cards.  Many times it only shows the next 2 events.  This all started when fight pass was integrated.  This app is horrible for loyal UFC fans.
Blackout fights. This app only allows you to watch the pre prelims. The subscription doesn't get you any of the good fights. A total waste of money. The fights in certain countries are blacked out so are unable to view.
Amateur developers Looks, feels, and performs like a highschool kids intro to programming project. Cannot search full fight pass library. Very poor.
Disappointed Wasn't what I thought it would be. Not real sure why I had to pay 9.99.
Get your  together Terrible reviews. Signed in with Facebook when I paid for my subscription thru the website. Unable to do that with the app so for me it's unusable. Come on guys, this a major disappointment.
Black out Prelims black out this sucks thats the reason i got fight pass for the prelims not getting it anymore
No ppv I payed for 6 mouths and can not watch ufc 193 had to pay more suxz dnt sighn up
Update killed many free features This last update was forced as I have been running the old app for ages. I can't see the fight rhythm in real time or any of the fight stats anymore... So no more free features. Everything is Paid except weigh in videos... I paid 60 bucks for the original ufc app Please give me a refund and I will withdraw my negative comment.
Overall a very poor application Multiple features simply not working, very unclear sign up process, vastly different from the website, no common lookfeel, very little USEFUL functionality
I bought the ufc 193 for 50 bucks and it won't load
UI is still bad. Please get someone who knows about Android's Material Design guidelines to design a new app, this is still bad design.
