Develper is lying about it working on Android system Why does it still say that it works on Android when it does not. Truth in advertising is the only way to get a rep for a solid product. Buy a beer or hit a nug out of a pipe for my measly 2.00 You Stold from me.
Android version needs improvement My husband bought the iPhone version and it worked great so I bought the Android version for my phone to have a little fun with him. Unfortunately, it isn't turning out as well. The mouth doesn't move a lot of the time. I usually adjust the voice pitch lower until the preview sounds good, but when I save it the voice reverts back to a higher pitch which is nearly impossible for people to understand, making it worthless. Hoping for an update soon
A complete failure Took a photo with the camera option but it won't let me accept the photo I took. Then I took a picture with my native camera app, tried to browse for photos with the app but the only thing it would let me choose a picture from was zedge. No way to get the picture I to this app. Complete waste of money, refunding.
The app works fine. However the export result is horrible and very grainy. There should be an option to crop the image at start. If the quality of the video is fixed. It will be worth 5 stars
Messed Up Would've been nice to know that this app does not work on Android before I paid for it. Wouldve liked to use it.
Disappointed Why is the voice so drastically different from the iOS version This is very confusing. The voices are muffled and grainy and sound like they've been recorded 2 times over. I hope there is an update to make this identical to the iOS version
Paid apps should excel in quality This app simply needs a lot of work. Voices sound horrible and it's really hard to adjust them to a normal pitch. Images are often zoomed in way too far with no options to adjust or crop. So this app is useless with most of my photos.
My talking pet Don't bother, it doesn't download or install. Rubbish
It's broken I loved this. Had to reset phone and on redownload it's not working. It's Christmas and i can't do any of my surprises anymore. No response to email to manufacturer for help. And worse i paid for it
Needs a lot of improvement For a paid app it lacks a lot of features. No sending in a message and can not even upload it to web pages doesn't work. I was hoping to share videos but all I can do is basicly store to my phone for my eyes only. I was expecting more voice choices also, just changes your voice from low to high.
Needs alot of critiquing to make that work Voices are muffled sounds like you're talking in a well while it pictures are grainy not clear. Not happy with the app. With a few critiques it can be a really cute and funny app.
