Screws with messaging capability This app was useful in transferring apps photos messages etc, however each time I use it, I lose the ability to send and receive mom's on the new device. I had to do a factory reset to correct the problem. I am on att service.
absoluteluy useless programme....all i wanted to to was to transfer contacts from old phone to new phone.....and i would like to view all on one page my contacts and thier details to edit in the computer   well ..samsung need to look at nokia  system   so user  friendly
Messages won't transfer from S5 to Note 5 Everything went over without a problem now I'm stuck here and can't retrieve old messages...please fix
Terrible This new improved version is garbage. It will not allow me to watch videos or shows on my television without the sound just being completely garbled. It is worthless, and i can not revert to old version which ive used without issue.
I miss Samsung Kies I wish I knew before UPGRADING to the S6 Edge Plus that I would lose Kies. Smart Switch is NOTHING like Kies. Sure if you want to transfer old phone to new phone data, great. BUT, plugging my phone in to transfer a few work pictures like I did with great ease on Kies is IMPOSSIBLE. Instead I have to go to 3rd party apps like Air Droid. I never had to before. I want Samsung Kies back for newer Samsung devices. Samsung Smart Switch is a big fat fail.
Silly me, I thought my priority today was to get some photos off my phone so that I could finish a report that was urgently needed. However, the Samsung Corporation knew better. My priority was instead to update my phone software so it's no longer compatible with my PC. Two hours later and I still can't get my photos off my phone.  Thank you Samsung. It's all about you, isn't it.
GOT MY NEW PHONE So how exactly do I transfer my pics, text, contacts etc to my new phone Can someone plz explain to me step by step
PC version was better With the phone version , I can't even log into my Apple ID.I even checked my apple  id and password again and again.Please fix this as soon as posible.Thanks
Used to Works Limited support for iOS9 is horrible.  Contacts and calendar i have a lot but it only shows that i have 1 or 2... and no text message is available either ...... please fix ASAP
crock No worries. It's not like I've got anything better to do than wait for this crap to connect. Which it never did. Ten mins thats all you got. Lifes to short.
Another fancy app to collect my personal data and use it for 'statistical analysis'...i.e. sales to 3rd party marketing firms.
Smart switch Keeps disconnecting . Been trying all night to send from my galaxy tab 2 to my new 4 
Can't recover SMS messages I'm trying to transfer all my data from my old iPhone to my new galaxy but I can't transfer my txt messages. Please fix this issue.
I will not work for me. I just got a galaxy note 5. I had an iPhone 5 and had all my stuff stored into icloud, but when I try to sign in into the app, it says there are no contents. Then I logged back into my icloud on my computer to make sure I had everything in there and I did. This sucks
Rubbish Don't waste your time, thought the manufacturer would be more capable, what a joke.
Not Acceptable SS moved every email address that I either sent or received into my phone contact list. I can only manually remove each address.  This will take hours.
So unreliable Should be so easy to transfer from an old phone to ne but constantly disconnects
