App issues App is not friendly like ola or uber it spins and advises there is no cabs where in cab is next to me bugs in app not fit to be launched before trail  i could not book there cab standing in rain bcz there is no other vendor cab is avail take this feed back developers to impore u r service poor driver is next to me i can avail u r worst service
Without Travelling, the Taxifor sure cab driver is collecting amount from my OLA money valet.  My suggestion, please do not maintain OLAMONEY  valet money in any of your taxy site.  NO proper call center has been maintain by OLA  TAXI for sure for getting back our money.  Regards, Viswa.S
One of the worse service provider Never come on time. Every time you book a taxi driver will call you confirm and then cancel by its own  forward to another driver.
Driver denied duty at the last moment for an airport drop Its name should be TAXI, NOT SURE. Customer care kept me on hold and never picked up the second tine once i called to enquire
Drivers turn down requests Last week in Noida 2 of the drivers turn down the request without informing because they don't want to go till Gurgaon. No one from TFS enquired or helped. Can't trust TFS. Not reliable.
its to costly compared to uber and ola the cars are more cleaner and new in uber and ola uber far better refferal is also good they give a free ride for 250 and if you compare base fare,per km or time trip again uber is much cheaper
Scammers I had applied a discount code 'DISC75' on 2 of my rides, I didn't get any discount. Neither the drivers nor the customer care are cooperative. Please don't use Taxiforsure.
Very poor service i made 4 back to back booking and every driver want to know that where i want to go after he know my drop point he makes excuses what rubbish service. If you cant provide service than u have to change the name taxi for not sure. Uber is far better than you.
Didnt get the refund I have money in n tfs credit but deducted for no reason and customer support is also mediocre.
Really sucky app It doesn't let you cancel a ride after you've closed the page Also it has twice booked rides where the driver has never bothered to call. And most times there aren't taxis available
Trip time charge is too much The cost increased due to trip time charge. It seems cheap as u see only 8 Rs. per Km...but it is not..they charge u almost same and plus you have to wait for driver more than 1 hour sometimes.. bad idea to book cab.
3rd class service Have added rs. 500 by paytm and your driver's didn't came and you guys charge me around rs. 150 each time. This happened 3 times in last 24 hours. A thief company, never use TAXI FOR SURE service, they are actually TAXI BY THIEF. 3rd class quality and no support.
Hopeless The drivers never show up on time. Even for advance booking,  cab never shows up. New drivers get assigned and finally trip complete SMS arrives. I am where I was, not sure who got dropped. Has happened 7 out of 7 times last week. ONLY USE CASH else about 87 rs get deducted from your account after each booking. HOPELESS is all that I can say.
Driver are cheater and do froud I book a trip taxi for sure book two no of booking two driver call me for same trip and i take one but other one booking of other driver do fake trip of 4 km and charge me 87 Rs for fake trip and it is dudected from my account
Driver didn't come on time Driver kept saying he is on the way and later didn't pick up the phone at all. Had to take an auto at the last minute. Poor service.
Very very Bad Service If you are not able to give proper service then leave this business. You are making fool people. Not sending driver on time, cancels Booking without consent with customers, misleading, denying the facts etc. Etc.
Frauds I had booked a cab from new delhi  bt the driver fooled me for about half hour. Then he blamed me on call that I am mis guiding him so cancel the ride. Before I could cancel that iv got the msg that the driver had started the ride and went some where, I had applied the 150 discount coupon that got wasted. He avail that for his benefit... ur drivers are cheats. I guess these are such reasons why people prefer ola nd uber...
POOR  Not worth for a  single star but what can I do as its compulsory to give  in order to give the feedback              ordered a cab one hour before the reaching time but thanks to TAXI FOR SURE for automatically canceling my important booking before informing me......  From a dissatisfied user of TFS Allahabad
Never works when you need Also promo coupons don't work most of the times and there is no warning if the code is wrong.
Big cheats who charge without taking ride. Most of the drivers are cheats and liars who tell they are coming, but not only do they not turn up but also CHARGE WITHOUT TAKING RIDE This has happened for the 5th time in 2 days and I've had enough of this disgusting service. Repeated complaints have no effect at all.
Drivers are insane I boarded cab from barakhamba to gurgoan and he intentianally took a long route . He took me till vasant and i started shoutin at him ,then calld their helpline nmber and thy had put me on hold for more than 10 minz. I was all alon on road shoutin at driver and there was no response from them. Till now i hav nt reacived even a single cal from their side to knw if i m safe or nt
Irritating app Stop putting notifications all the time. I will book a taxi when i need one. No need to tell me unnecessary offers unless I open the app. Its spamming too much. M gonna uninstall it and unregister from TFS. Had enough already.
GOOD APP IF YOU WANT TO MISS A FLIGHT  Completely unreliable. They will call you up prior 1 hour before mentioned pickup time and confirm you that you will not be boarding your flight today. Download NoTaxiForSure and travel to places around the world  Pls also tip the driver. Good deeds you know.
Cheaters In disguise of being cheap these fraudsters most times charge without the trip even commences. Pathetic service. Kindly avoid using their services if alternate is possible.
Devinder Gauri Regret booking . Taxi didn't turn up but they sent me the bill. I missed the train and lost the business and railway ticket.
Wrost service. Driver not able to come in time. Asking me for wait an unlimited time. Suggesting me to book another cab Should not do these things.
couldnt use for more than 10 min installed it in my phone , searched for location, application crashed , phone got hanged, waited for 5 mins, restarted phone and uninstalled app.
