Worked for a while App used to work, now it won't load.  It says I need to download maps, which I already did.  Even then, it won't actually redownload, so the app just hangs.
After being installed correctly, and after you get it to work, it sucks Spent many hours trying to get the app to work, only works part of the time. What really sucks is even if you get it to work it won't let you enter POIs by name or even addresses. This app really sucks, unless you simply like something to look at while your driving.
This is crap it doesn't even let me download anything. Idk how everyone is saying it's  a good ap when it won't even download. The makers of the ap need to work on fixing  the problem Or have it as a free ap
TRASH This app is pathetic as it won't recognize my login info on the app  login works on their website though. It won't even create a new account. It took some work to find their updated client area. It's under bringmapdotcom and not under their main site. They even left the old client login area visible there but it's broken. It doesn't take a genius to fix some html code. Engis Tech Inc is the most unprofessional company I've ever dealt with. Spend your 0.99 elsewhere.
Buggy, expensive rip off The app is 0.99 worth, but you will need to pay 45.99 at least after the trial period is over. Traffic capabilities are for extra charge. So, the developer is greedy. App works bad, it uses own maps. Lots of addresses are missing, even in bay area, California, USA. Interface is ugly and confusing. And finally hanged up when navigating with MirrorLink connected. It's not worth buying this app.
Can't search I've tried to use this off and on for the past 4 months but every time I try to search for an address it crashes. I've uninstalled and reinstalled several times and still the same issue. I have the new Samsung Galaxy s6 so I can't imagine it is my phone.
Disappointed Overall the app is disappointing for the price.   Traffic is incredibly slow to load   upwards of 10 minutes   and the traffic list part of it doesn't show Canadian  data which is useless.  Traffic is also not accurate.
I'll give it another try Uninstalled it after it tried to make me drive off a cliff in Bisbee, and then refused to work unless I forked over 50 bucks.
This would be a great app if I had the room on my phone to keep it but I don't. Now if it would just let me install the maps on the sd card where I have plenty of room that would be different.
Does not work. Downloaded initial maps, needed additional maps, and it will not download and will not go back to previous screen.  I would delete but am not paying to download again.  Save your money.
Buyer Beware  99 Cents  Only for a Trial This app is 99 cents to try it. In order to continue to use, have to pay an additional 49.99 for traffic and 59.99 for traffic and map updates. This is bait and switch as the description does not mention this bit of information. Seems like many other apps that are free, but has the market cornered if you want to use it with a newer Chevy vehicle.
Not Happy I have had this app for a few weeks now. And I cannot use it. I have created a account and downloaded maps, but when I try and use the app anytime it says wrong password so I send reset password it signs me in then kicks me out right away. I try and sign in again and says wrong password.  I'm very disappointed that I cannot use this in my 2015 sonic
I paid with a Google play card and it took the money but has not downloaded the application. I paid almost 60.00 for nothing Took money and never downloaded the premium version with updates and traffic
Doesn't work very well The only reason I even tried it is because it works with my piece of junk 2016 Subaru through mirror link. But it works so badly I will just keep using Google maps on my cell phone. If it was 2005 and not 2016 this app might be OK. Don't waste the dollar for the trial. It is amazing how far behind the car companies are behind the world thinking that mirror link and this app is even close to state of the art.
Despite it's not even 3 star rating, I decided to get this app... I linked it to the Chevy MyLink in my car and it failed me twice... it froze twice and it I ended up taking the wrong exit. Not sure this is worth the 60 after the trial expires...
Hate I don't know why Chevy didn't just partner with Google maps.
Waste of time Downloaded app and maps then tryed to connect to my car and app told me Premium membership experd then the app quit. I never even got to try it
Will not work after update Work great until map update now it won't download new maps. Life time map updates are only good for 3 years. Should of went with Garmin GPS
Waste of money Incorrect error messages about my internal storage. Never even got to upload the maps I paid for. Rip off
Close to being useful It works almost perfect, it just crashes on finding POI and it doesn't  show the street names even if the settings are on
