Samsung S4 App don't work Says an unexpected error has occurred when trying to stream  Fix it Don't fool us
Pvr premium only The live streaming  is pvr premium subscribers only. It used to be open to all premium subscribers. We pay the same, but they force u to buy a pvr to get access. Greedy Multichoice.
Too many streaming errors Happens too often that I cannot stream, routine maintenance, unexpected error occurred, etc.
WTF Multichoice Went from a decent app to a useless piece of crap In spite of all the negative feedback since you cancelled the live streaming feature, you do not fix or at least look into the problem. What pray tell is this app good for if not to stream live sport Pathetic monopolisation as we came to expect from MC...utterly disgusting service
I cant watch the highlights why can't I watch highlights it says an unexpected error has occurred,  please try layer  ... why is it doing this 
Warning Does not work on lollipop I got an email from dstv now after informing them their app does not work. Unfortunately  currently we do not support androids version 5.0 to 5.1 Lollipop . With that grammer I am not supprized you are  incompetent.
No streaming Can't stream highlights... I can get the score and schedule all over the Internet this app was great for one thing...  Now, good for nothing...
Rubbish Always when you try to play a gvideo, it always says an unexpected error occurred  please try again later even when your connection is at the maximum.
STILL APP DOES NOT WORK Updated the app 2 minutes ago, now the app does  not stream videos anymore
No lollipop streaming Come guys. How useless can you be No live streaming for lollipop. It's really can't be that hard
This thing doesn't work on the phone Please fix app. Using samsung s5. Works on lenovo tablet. On phone always says unexpected error. How can it be unexpected  You're the developers. Please fix
POS About as useful as the broken down mazda under the tree in my grandpa's  backyard. Only good for the birds to sht on.
Very horrible app Anytime you want to use the app.  Always having an error. This is not a favour, it is part of what I am paying for as a premium pvr customer.  Crappie app
Useless app Dont waste your time with this crap. Its turnish the reputation of the famous supersport.
Highlights not working anymore.. The unexpected error has occurred message on the highlights reel has become an expected error. Please fix it.
I used to see Zimbabwean results and. Match Fixtures now i can't access them everytym i try to log in it says upgrade or it wll freeze,we want to see every happening in Africa
OMG fix it It's not working on new OS lollipop since update just errors
Videos not playing This app is now useless and just taking space for nothing.
Useless This app is a waste of space. It says I have to be a premium subscriber to be able to watch highlights. Screw that, I'm uninstalling this crap.
Used to be great From last week all of a sudden can't watch highlight videos Keep on giving a error message an unexpected error occurred,  please try again later
Streaming does not work anymore
Highlights still don't work So sad that the highlights video doesn't work on this app anymore. Fix the bugs before you update next time. It's had problems with video for months
im a premuim subscriber and should therefore be able to open live streaming.
Doesn't work anymore Since the most recent update, it went from bad to worse. Streaming barely worked before now it doesn't at all
