Please Improve It runs in background after closing the app with back button, Draining our batteries  using memory. A bit lighter version is expected.
Worst Time waste,  every time i want to edit my files it is asking for signin. My mobile with be with me only, its a person mobile not a private as anyone can get access. Y to sign in always i edit my fiels. I better give zero stars. Time waste and not that good in use also
Enter exactly the same password can not open in the app but online no issue. Pls fix.  The problem exist if use the combination of alphanumeric and capital letter.  Steps 1. Create a simple excel file and encrypt with password  Pa1221Pa. 2. Upload to onedrive and then downloadopen from this excel app on mobile device will return the wrong password error message
Still can't open password protected files So many updates, yet it still can't open a simple excel doc that is password protected. I get an error that it can't open workbooks with scripts I don't know what scripts it is talking about. It is a simple spreadsheet with names, web and email addresses. That is all. This is a file I use almost daily, but must use it in a competitor spreadsheet app. Works fine with two different competitors. Why can't Microsoft get it right
Infuriating The actual app is great, but if you come out of it to do something else, when you return to it you get a 'recovered document' message and you have to either 'remove' or 'save' the document you were using. This is confusing and causes problems. I just want to continue to use my spreadsheet This is complete pain. Also, weird things happen when opening from Dropbox  I haven't got space here to explain fully. Sort it out, Microsoft
Good app but bad implementation, redundant needs to log in Have to go through the tedious process to reset my password and end up unable to log in. Yea, real nice. I am going back to use my officesuite pro.
Can't open file without internet connection it's ridiculous that I must have Internet connection if I want to view my documents anytime. sometimes when i'm not connected with WiFi and are also running low on subscription data then should i choose some other app
note5  note pro I have the paid version and isn't able to edit files or open some of the files. also why did I need to have Internet connection to be able to work on some file... I cannot work on some files that I have a password on. I should be able to read only but it says file not compatible with this version of Microsoft Office are you kidding me did I'm paying for this get it together development theme please fix.
Atrocious Was unable to follow three lectures due to the need to authenticate online and to update without asking me. Slow and cumbersome.
