Can't find the saved pictures Has all the editing features I need but doesn't do me any good if I can find the saved edited pictures. They don't seen to reside on the phone.  I don't use the cloud and just want the edited pictures to show in the gallery so I can download them to the computer or show them to friends on the phone.  I believe this app is just a gimmick to promote use of the Adobe Cloud.
Not so good It does not have enough feature.  Besides I bought the PSYCHOLOGICAL app in my iPhone and cannot use it in my Android phone that is frustrated
Similar App Already Exist It's not better than LINE camera. Actually this app is for beautify your photo, not for editing a photo.
Not worth to be called Photoshop.. Just some basic filters and cropping, nothing really useful. No options to input text, other photos, marking parts of a picture. Useless for me..
Honestly I love this app ..but unfortunately it defeats its purpose if 1 it doesn't save the edited pics to my gallery and 2 it stops working and freezes almost a minute later after using the app . Need to fix that. And that's why I will uninstall this app and will try again later ...hopefully you guys will have these issues fix by then.
Technical issues The features that I've been able to  use in this app work well and have made several pictures look better. However, I've had this app less than an hour and it's crashed no less than 4 times. In addition to these crashes, the app seems to lag constantly. I really wouldn't recommend it at the moment.
How to downdate it I LIKE Free Adobe Photoshop. Thnx for the hardwork of the team. Updated it half hour ago. Was fine  smooth before the limited free edit options. But now its like many ants walk on the picts. The result is too horrible. How to downdatedowngrade, down whatever 'coz of my limited english Please..
Keeps crashing This app is great But keeps crashing while I'm editing my pics and get them back. I uninstalled it and just reinstalled it right now. I hope this fixes it...  After installing and reinstalling this app I rate it a 0 it just kept crashing and crashing. The need to fix this. I have a Note 4. Someone please fix this Asap....
Fix the bugs Seriously do you have interns developing this app  So glitchy, constantly freezing up and crashing.  Keeps saying login expired but then allows me to use the app after I close it.  Please fix this DON'T PURCHASE PEOPLE until they put some effort into their back end
Useless. Works as any other photo editor for Android. You can put on filters, frames, crop it, fix some red eyes aaaaand...that's it. I thought Hey Photoshop for Android Maybe I can actually edit pictures now Brushes, erasers, layers... Nope. Not even a silly brush. 1 star  uninstall. I have Cymera for lame stuff like this and more.
There's better out there Middle of the road.  Editing can be confusing and its features are comparable to any other editor I've tried. There is no true save feature and I don't know where my product ends up.
Great app... when it doesn't crash I love being able to edit my photos on my phone in a similar way as on my laptop with Lightroom. The problem is, this app often freezes up and ends up crashing. And this is on one of the highest end androids on the market right now Samsung Galaxy S5. So I'm not sure what kind of unrealistic specs they've designed and tested this for...
Rip off App is great as far as what it is supposed to do.  Crashes A LOT.  After a series of crashes, I noticed the looks that I had previously paid for and have been using all along are now showing as not having been purchased.  Not happy at all.
Absolutely great when it works Absolutely love the program, however I have to act fast in order to complete a photo adjustment. It crashes very often, right as soon as I've about fiished and have to start all over. Please work out the kinks, even if it's only in a paid edition,  I'll buy it. I have a Samsung Note pro 12.2 and it's the only listed option for me to use anywhere close to what I want.
It used to be better This app is nice if you like something that crashes ever few min and you lose your picture. I also bought premium access to filters and it seems they have locked those from me again The app runs slow so I dint know why I still put uo with it
Basic Features This is just instagram filters pretending to be complex. With some red eye removal. Not even the ability to remove parts of the image and replace it with another image. MS paint can do that and this cant This is a glorified filters app...
