Poor graphics please improve game standards . Runner is very slow and looks like an old time movie. I would rate 5 stars if these bugs are fixed.
WORST GAME EVER DOWNLOAD IN MY LIFE. Seems to take forever to loading ,so far the game never came on , I would really appreciate it if you can help with looking into the problem , if u fix this game I'm gonna rate 5 stars .
Major bug I want to play but something wrong with graphics. Nothing appears except my runner
Terrible Couldn't even enter the age at first so I had to tap all over the screen to find the hotspot to get my keyboard to pop up. The graphics are just out of date, what happened guys...in the temple there is no texture at all for the wall, just an orange color and you can see all the stitches because of that. This had to be made in a rush.
Not interesting I dont like player run animation. Optimization system isnt good because it hides far objects and  I can see my far way.
Fix it from crashing At first i started liking the game despite of the sensitivity of  swiping to move the character around. Now its crashing and kicking me off the game. I  reinstalled several times and still the.same issue.  now the graphics aren't working correctly and there's a lot of glitches. The character is running but u cant see if ur running into a wall or rock. . not happy with it at all fix this game
Good But y are these big men playing games lol a shame. The game is good but needs to update and as the men said in the last comment the runner is too slow this game needs updating
Don't like I want to play.but I cannot see the surrounding's. fixed it i will gave you five Star
Very bad...not optimized I think it is made 4 2 gb ram  octa core processor... lol...disappointed... not optimized ..very bad game control.... lots of improvement needed... uninstalling it .
really suck i actually loved it but few months ago i installed it 1st time i have some graphices problem cant see anything but running..so i uninstalled it.now i installed it again but if my ph switchoff all the memories of the game gone..I have to play from the start..really annoying..
Jeeze So it doesn't matter if you want the sound off I changed the settings to no sound and it still made noise. You guys have a lot of work to do before people really enjoy the app. The pause button is in a terrible place. Who puts the pause button in the bottom right corner Terrible placement and terrible settings. Uninstalling and not recommending to ANYONE.
Graphics issue Even in my HTC Desire ... Graphics issue occurred.  Only runner and tigers are visible. But not obstacles.  Fix it soon ...
graphics sucks, game play sucks, too many ads and the options suck also. thanks for wasting my mbs y
Its worst I cant see enything excpt player  side enviromnt..nothing apear jst black ..player run on black way... Plzzz fix it..if u want ..i will send u screenshot...
It's embarrasing I can't even open it.... i'm using Zenfone 5 and this.is the only app that doesnt't work
Terrible not move with my fingers Hugly, I slide left and jump, I jump the agent run left etc etc. Uninstalling
No Graphics The path for running is only not visible. Path full black. Waste of internet for downloading
Graphics error in mediatek mt6572 chipsets Don't see every layer of detail in mediatek mt6572 chipset no matter how many cores of processor or how much the ram. Tried in quad core 1GB ram and mali 400. The person runs but the path is black.
Bad..hangs and the game reset on its own. Its quite pathetic. Don't waste your time
Not fun. Can't  save progress when you want to stop. You lose everything you play for. Stupid. This game used to be fun 
