Not able to forward the video. If we try to move ahead the video then the cursor will be shown correctly but the video will remains rigid in earlier scene will not go to the next scene but audio continue to play... This needs immediate attention...
What happened After the most recent update I can't adjust equalizer. It's on flat all the time who the hell uses flat anyway Also, the time adjustment keypad doesn't display the bottom row in landscape format I couldn't for the life of me figure out how to make it go to the time I indicated. Oh, and it doesn't actually go anywhere. I still have to use the progress slider to cue videos. This reeks I want the old version back
Skiping video makes lag on my zenfone 2...lollipop 5....only audio...no video...lag Cant scroll video forward....wont work
Much error such wow Asus fonepad 7, copy .avi file, 2 hours length, can not play the last minute of movie, after that the screen goes blank and freeze, then show popup that says cannot render lol
Something's wrong.....cant forward the video.....if tried to skip the part video remains the same....hangs and audio keeps continuing
Missing feature In a previous version of vlc i was able to select  play audio or video from folders of external memory card under DIRECTORIES option from menu. Why this feature has been removed from this version. Please add this feature asap.
Stopped working The app worked great but has abruptly stopped working. I tried uninstalling it and reinstalling It. It could be my phone, but all my other apps are working fine. I would give it a 4... unfortunately I can't.
Big problem Whenever I forward or backward the video does not play.... the video stops and audio plays.... it usually happen with mkv file.... please fix this thank you
Won't load. This app won't work on my LG G Stylo. This is the most highend phone that I've ever owned and the first time I've had problems with VLC. My files won't load and the app gives me error messages. It also causes my phone to freeze.
Whyyyy I can't play any video I love this app. But now. I hate it. Please fix this. I really can't play any video or movies I have. And it's annoying
Hang when i forward it Its stupid update, if u want to launch an update, please make sure it works for all devices.. i using asus zenfone 5 and i uninstall and install the vlc 5 times and still i cant forward my video. Fix it
It crashes d moment i add a new video The app keep crashing everytime i add a new video in my phone... I have to unstill nd den reinstall d app each time. Only den d app can list d video nd will work .
Extremely Unstable VLC is my favourite media player, but it is extremely unstable on Android. When set to the 'AudioTrack' audio output mode the audio sounds terrible. It sounds marginally better when set to 'OpenSL ES'. It often crashes when playing videos too. Surprisingly, the beta version seems to function a lot better than this version. I have had no issues with the beta version.
Does not support all formats as does in pc The VLC player for android do not support all formats such as .rar .bin but supports same formats in PC just fix the issue nd it will be best media player and I will rate it 5 stars for then
