Not enough challenges I need challenges I can actually win like eat 200 twinkies in 60 seconds or ask for someone to hand me the remote from the table next to me etc.  These ones you currently have are too hard
Not clear enough instructions For me personally instead of just moving hands and needs to talk so I know who I'm supposed to be doing because I could not figure out what I was supposed to be doing by the hand movement  only so I personally did not like this game
Its too hard make it just A LOT easyer I don't like it its very hard and it expects you to be able to move your fingers like 100 miles an hour if y'all do this I will reinstall this game and rate you 5 stars
Wtf Swimming Level Swimming level is TOO FAST. Didn't have any trouble with other levels, but on swimming level i just can't get c  If you can make it just a little bit slower, i'll put five stars.
Lose Wight Slimming I keep failing the first excercise.Please help me Your Friend, Jazmyne Annetta Cochran.
Swimming level Wth is up with not being able to pass the swimming level It goes way to fast from the start and the goal number is way too high.....help
Hard This game is to hard by the second game you want to quit my highest score is 86 and I still did not pass on to the next level  please make level 2 easier oh and I think there should be  a whole lot of power upps please fix then I'll give 2 or 3stars...
 WORST GAME EVER I havn't even finished level 2 yet Your have to get 2 A's to go to the level 3. It's nearly impossible I so far got 2 B's. How in the world are you gonna be able to finish this fast timing game If you could at least make it a lot more easier I'll give this game a 5 star rating. The food dragging game goes by to fast and is like way super confusing Your should make it easier for kids ages 510. Hope you agree with me. Signed Cherie.     P.S. Don't install it uninstall it.
Hmmm This game needs better instructions. I got stuck on the step exercise. Could be an interesting game but needs better instructions.
Stupid You have to get a's on the first two levels just to get to the third,the poor controls and the fact it doesn't give you that much time on level two makes it hard to even get a c
Liked it but... I never get past the swimming one if they make a guide it will be cool . FYI I hate it
Good app, too many ads LOOOOL the funniest app you will download, but it has too many ads and its getting anoying. Also it needs an update for earning more coin. If you have so many ads why im going to pay for coins Make something that if someone buys coins it will get the a adfree version or something like that.
Lose Weight  slimming Cause i cant pass level 2 cause the time goes fast
To hard Do not get it to hard really hard needs to level two is so hard really can do it to slow finger do not get it bad needs 00000  lol needs upgrading bad make u want to blow up bad do not get it again if u can get pass level two then ur awesome really awesome ok how u like it i do not like it makes me want to badest game ever playing lol
Impossible I'm all for a challenge but this game's expectations are ridiculous. My fingers can only push the buttons on my screen so fast. It's not fun if its impossible to move up to the next level.  I'm uninstalling.
How is this even popular Seriously, how is this game even popular,or even fun. This is Like a slam in the face for people who are really trying to lose weight and not spend time playing a game like this. Its not even a game  its horrible. Not only that it takes you 25 years to pass one Level. Its annoying, shameful, and I yet to see how this particular app could ever be fun or enjoyable.
Boring I only dwnloaded to see for myself what all the awful reviews were about lol. First 2 I got A super easy. Third level no matter what it said miss. I think something's wrong with the game. So I agree with other reviews. But more than anything it's just boring. Even if it did work the games are just not fun.
What the hell My fingers aren't fast enough to see an A on level 2 but over all good
