Lags more than ever I cannot even play for half a second before I get extreme lag. It has only gotten worse with time. There should be multiple servers added.
So much laggggggg It laged so much i couldnt play for one sec because th lag got me eaten in that time. Play neboulas instead.
I've never seen something lag that much My highest is 12 just because of how much it lags, you can't even control where you're going
New version This game was 5 stars before the upgrade. Now there appears to be too many players on the board. I wish I could go back to the old version.
Just not good I didn't play before the update but it sounds like the game was a lot less laggy and easier to get into. Every game I started I was automaticlly absorbed by someone else who just flashed onto my screen. Seems like it would've been fun but I couldn't get into it.
SOOOOOOOO LAGGYYYYYYY IM DYINGGGG OFFFF LAGGGNESSSSSSSSS Fix it pleasee For example There is a big blob on the right and i turn left to avoid it, but because of the lag, i go straight into the big blob
The Hackers  Stop everyone from hacking Make it so when ever the smaller cell can't see the bigger cell on there screen the bigger cell can't eat them by spliting, this has happened to me a lot well I'm ALWAYS GETTING HAXKED AND SPLIT LIKE THAT
Advertising in two seconds. Please make it where the advertisement is not making my game freeze. Whenever I get on the game it goes straight to an advertisement and the screen goes black then white. I have to exit the game over an over.  Please fix this immediately
players r bitchs Any player who is bigger then u target u right away and then team together and kill u. If u could get the leaderboard like 5000 mass go for u once u hit 200mass. Make them stop and u get 5 stars
The lag is real I know it's not just my hardware, because I've seen some good products lag playing this game too. I love playing, but it's not worth my time if I'm just going to die because I can't move whole the game loads
This game sucks 8D This game has fake free coins for vids, it's a trap. Tap joy st and make this like pc private matches
Update good. Game good. I just wanted to go on my game and play a nice fun game. I went on and I was lvl 13 and had 700 coins. Logged on just now and found I was lvl 1, 100 coins and no name or skins. Hate this game don't install.
PLEASE GET RID OF TEAMERS YOU CANT PLAY YOU JUST AUTOMATICALLY DIE WHEN YOU SPAWN AND WHY CANT WE EAT VIRUSES AND FIX THESE LAGS AND TAKE OUT THE COINS SYSTEM PLSSSSS
Not enough cheese So I got this game expecting big things, because you know, it promised me cheese. But I go into the game and no cheese Just balls One star. Will raise rating if cheese DLC is added
Balance broken by recent updates Shooting viruses into other cells will now most likely get yourself eaten. If they work at all. Visual range for bigger cells is too high in comparison to smaller cells, and split range even more so. Servers often lag massively now. Keeps asking for ratings though I've already given one
Last update is suck I should i give u 5 stars but the last update made the game bugs and slow, i cannot play it. I am from egypt
Bad way to move your sell I can even stay alive for 10 seconds  It would be great to have like an xbox analog at the bottom left to move the sell, and for the bottom right buttons to give some mass and split.. It will be more fun than putting your finger in the center of the screen and see nothing 
FIX THE LAG  I keep on losing cause of the glitches. My wifi has full signal and it still lags Fix it please. I like the game but make it better by fixing the lag 
