Were is the update Hey when does android  pocket god update it sucks only ipod gets there updates i would give it 5 stars if we got our updates but  if you want to keep us then give us an update please not worth downloading no update in year probably more than 1 year
Great game, worth 1 Android version is 8 updates behind itunes with no plan to update. I wouldn't buy anything from this maker with this kind of service.
Do not buy this It has been abandoned Look at the information for yourself. It hasn't been updated in more than 2 years Don't waste your time or your money.
I expected more Ios gets 147 while we only get 140. Please get episodes 47. I wasn't aware of this when I bought it and now I am. I really want to uninstall it, but please release an update. Then you will get a LOT ofe 5 star ratings.
Still waiting I got this app over a year ago and still didn't get the update for android. But I got I for my iPhone and its always up to date. I guess they already got the money so they don't Care anymore. And for this great customer service they get a nice one star. Can I have my money back
Restore my levels I almost beat all the episodes on my other phone and I got a new phone and installed it and I used the same google account and it didn't give me back my levels  Would rate a 5 star but this happened
Wtf Guys really pocket god was the first app I have ever gotten and I made this account about two years ago and immediately installed this but what do you know we get NO UPDATES apples sitting pretty with all the updates the have guess you guys just don't appreciate your paying customers
Pocket god It doesnt have an update like the ipod,i saw my friend with his ipod and he was playing pocket god ,and i noticed that the ipod had more levels than andriod,so please put more updates so that i can give you 5 stars
Update Cmon mate. Dont we all think that its about time that it updated im mean I love this game and so does my little sister but her friends say that the ipod is doing much better than this . Unless it gets updated im uninstalling. Please guys this is pretty poor
UPDATES What did they just Give up you will get 140ep that's it but IOS gets way more EPs then us no fair
No updates in well over a year As the title states, there has been 0 updates, not even a bug fix, in over a year honestly it's probably over 2, but let us give them the benefit of the doubt. The game is relatively fun, but it is quick to complete. Upon examination of the iTunes version, they have many more features and chapters. I do not recommend purchasing this game unless you have an Apple product. Poor customer support comes to mind when I look at this sorry excuse for a company.
Underwhelming at best. I honestly expected more from this game, seeing it was a P2P and not some random free app I found on the market. There's not a whole lot to do, and the things you can do lose their luster eventually. If you were looking to entertain a young child, then this game is right up your alley. But otherwise, just ignore it and move on.
31B Not only is the android missing 7 of the levels, but I can't even unlock 31B because the news portion of my toolbar is completely missing. This is getting stupid.
No updates I've had this game for a while and there hasn't been an update in over a year...really fun game but the lack of attention to continuation of it by the devs ruins it.
Ok... Its good but i get tired of playing it and i want to refund my money but when I tried it took away a whole dollar from my gift card and now I can't   refund please game company help me.
I just bought this game thinking it would be up to par with the iOS version. But it looks like it hasn't been updated in years. I'd you're not gonna keep supporting it, then stop selling it.
No android love Needs updated levels. Crazy how much profits these guys are missing out on. Imagine hoe many people would buy the game if there weren't so many single star ratings.
Thanks but, UPDATE ANDROIDS Thanks for updating but please hurry and put the coral reef in so i can do stuff and get more gods in the battle of gods. NEEDS THE UPDATES FASTER IT TAKES FOREVER ANDROIDS ARE LIKE 7 VERSIONS BEHIND.
Exellent but ARE YOU OUTTA YOUR MIND Do you have a problem against android or something Because if you haven't noticed people like me who have Nook HDs and other devices don't have all the missions highly disappointed and giving two stars but will give five if EVERYTHING we paid for is there
Update now I swear, are you ever going to update for anything other than apple How far ahead are they Oh yeah. 6 whole updates I love the game, but we can't do stories, and we need updates. I swear, do you even give a  about us non apple people I will give you a 5 star when you update, but, honestly, I don't know if that will ever happen. I dont think they even care
WTF Where are the updates. Iidiots are at episode 47. Plus on android you can't complete all idols because of episode 31b. No news to check.  Seriously, why put it up on Google if your not going to finish it It's been a year already. Do something
