Getting bad to worse Was prompted to run update. After which when I launch the game, all my data was deleted . . meaning I have to start the game all over again. My goodness wat is happening to their technical update. SO TERRIBLE
Ship energy refill When you refill ship energy an ad shows in the middle of the screen only allowing you to see the outer most rows. You are not able to make the necessary matches to beat the pig. This is something new that has appeared since the latest update. Not sure if it is intentional to use up you gems.
Spoiling a good game Why on earth do I have to pay 50,000 coins to advance past level 30  Your punishing the honest players,while the hackers just get whatever they like for free This and the endless adverts are spoiling a good game
Fun but Game takes forever to load between screens and constantly losing connections. Takes too much time to build up coins and gems to upgrade, keep getting the same items in slots, too much to kill events pigs...way too much when you can't upgrade fast enough. I refuse to spend real money.
USED TO BE FUN As of yesterday I cannot play. Constant glitches and crashes and it is not my wifi or my device. Stinks that I tried hard to rank high in event for prize and now, since I cannot play, that is blown. Im thinking the ads caused this. Rio was also ruined after last update. What happened to Rovio Suddenly you stink.
1 Angry bird I love this game but the recent update blocks important stuff at the top of the screen and is very annoying please do something its driving me crazy
SLOT PRIZES ARE  BULLSHIT...COMPLETE WASTE... Whenever I use my Gems for equipments from the Slot Prizes only I get low levels like 1315 category equipments..where as I am in level 30 above...each and evrytime it gives the same low weapons..only within 2 days I have already used more than 60 GEMS..but its the same...LOW weapons and SAME weapons evry time over and over again..this is bullshit...useless development. .loosing interest. ..uninstall soon...Bogus game...
Wow... Soooo, asked for help, got 0 response, Uninstalled the game thinking, well, I'll start over...not only did I lose EVERYTHING, THE GAME STILL WON'T MATCH Dangit Rovio, this absolutely BLOWS , grrrrr...help my get my game status back and fix the glitch and I'll change this back to 5 stars where the game belongs, please
From great to bad. Every upgrade makes the program worse. Initially the crashes were irritating but tolerable. First weapons choice was removed to become random and gems wasted to get lower level weapons. At first players with similar levels matched then it became lopsided. Then towards the end of the tournament you cannot get in and your wins are not recorded. From being kicked offline, now you cannot get it with the latest update version 2.0. Error code SAS 100.
Ads running on screen What the HL is with the ads running at the top of the screen That ad blocks off information and it's distracting I understand you need ads to pay for the game, but really Really The ads can't run in between the games  Please stop this
Buggggggssss If you fix the pop up loading screen when fighting i wil give you 5 star and make my favorite game thanknyou.
When will u block all those hackers from playing this game. If u gotta use hack to play this game ur a looser. 1 star because of hackers u can't win anything good in tournaments
Game is fun but as placement shows poor judgement The game is a fun little thing, fun when you're not busy, but they recently added banner ads that blocks off important information. There's plenty of opportunities to elect to watch ads in the game, do you really need more ad space
Its a nice game Its a good game but full of bugs, whenever you are doing good the game just crashes. Its really frustrating when  you get high stats only for the game to crash and give you a rematch with horrible birds to match  just to lose so you have to spend more gems for reviving  really cheap  and match making system is horrible. Rank 300000 fighting 10000 what brought those together. This is my personal opinion.
From Great to Terrible What is up with the 1 minute of black screen, loading times at the end of fights Before you had ads constantly running, now to fill in that space you fill it with 1 minute of darkness at the end of each fight. This is beginning to become ridiculous . . . Also why the hell did you get rid of item descriptions, this was the worst update to date. Fix it
Ads galore The newest update includes heavy ad presence where there used to be little to none. Now every screen has a big ad across the top, many of which promote inappropriate content. Response to reply I uninstalled the game because low and behold, like many other people my game magically reset itself and all my stuff was gone. I'm done with the game.
Glitch since update Impossible to play since update. When fight starts, moving combinations get slow motion and i cant really play well. If continues, uninstall
