Crashing update The 5th anniversary update seemed fun so I decided to do it. The game worked fine before the update. Now that it is updated, it opens, shoots a firework into the sky, shows the festival option, then completely crashes. This happened multiple times already. Please fix and I will change my rating to 4 stars 5 if I really like this update
FREE version required for dojo RIP OFF  Ingame it says you can get the yes chef dojo, but it doesn't work with THIS version I actually paid for OO
Good afternoon.. It's not letting me sign in my profile. Please fix this situation
Changed device and I'm unable to sign in to sync my old data on a paid version
Can't sign in I can't sign in to restore my progress. I'd really rather not start from scratch.
Forced close It keeps force closing on me within 30 seconds of opening the app. It will only work if i am in airplane mode. Plz help
Was good but Was good but now I can't login to sync my old data and I don't want to start from scratch. If this doesn't get fixed I will rip out my eyeballs and keep my rating 15. I want to keep my eyeballs.
Force closes 5 seconds in everytime Since new update
Its not allowing me sign in to facebook or google to start where i left off
Why It will not let me sign in
Can't connect Can't log into Facebook or Google
Unable to sign in Sign in button does not work. Does not respond to selection, with no error or exception message.
1billion And only 1 million downloads on google play
Crashing It keeps crashing on multiplayer
Unable to sign in via FB or G
Won't sign in or restore I paid for blades and had event blades just got to level 27 and had to reset my phone.   I can't sign in I can't restore I'm just s.o.l can't get it back.      About to delete it
Broken update I was forced to update to the 5th anniversary, but on opening it crashes every single time on my Nexus 5
Cannot login
Crap
Sucks.
What happened My favorite game ever, play it every day. But I change phones so I have to download it again and guess what It won't let me log in into my old account and so I lost all my records and now I have to start from scratch...  this sucks This didn't happen before, is it a glitch
