Give us extra heart each time we level up It's impossible to hire more employee with very limited heart
So disappointed Ive never had a app that's crashed so much Ive literally had this app for 10mins and its crashed 4 times What the hell I love Hello kitty. And the game is cute but you can't really play if its crashing all the time
 You should atleast give one extra character to help out. Whats the point of starting off with 60 hearts if they dont get you anything The people who made this app really want your money, because i bought an extra character for my daughter and when my phone broke i had to buy it again No way. Waste of time and money. its toobhard to keep up with one person
Annoyed Every time I purchase a wallpaper or new furniture it resets everything to the original and it says that I have to buy it again but my money doesn't come back, totally not fair
It does not ever give me harts and the customer gets mad but the animal is the only one working there because I can't get harts I can't hire any one
CRASHES Super cute and for the first few games it didn't crash. About when I had the cafe to level 4 it started crashing every few minutes.  Really annoying.
Won't even let me play I wish I could've based this review on playing the actual game, but I can't cuz I never got the chance to This app won't even let me PLAY.  Every time I hit the play button, it would load and send me back to my home screen Maybe I'm the only one with this problem but still, please fix this.
Upgrades are expensive and USELESS.  Didn't seem to have any effect.  Impossible to keep up with customers even from the first day. Cut graphics but really just a cashgrab diner dash knockoff.  Very disappointed.
I like the game When I save up to buy items it takes my coins and or heart coins and I don't get the item mainly on decorations very disappointed
Annoying I luv the game but it keep me back to home screen..no daily reward..and lagging
You don't have enough hearts. Give more hearts and this game might be amazing.....
Don't download I was in day 900     Today..the App did a automatic update and I lost all the file   I have to start from day 1 .   Who ever doing this update.. Sucks
Its nice Whene I gave a new cellphone to my daughter he kiss mi why,because when she see this game she love this very much 
Ughhh I put money on the game but it won't show up or give me my daily bonuses  
Point Fail I've  purchased some points, but never showed on the game. I would like for you to look into this matter, and give me the points I've purchased. It's the first time it has happened to me, and it's a shame because I love this game. Ty.
