Its fun, but... Alot of times I do not get my prizes for playing daily. And if i do get them they are 23 days late
No coins after purchase I paid twice for 135 coins at 4.99 each and they didn't give them to me. Fix this and I'll give you a 5 star rating
Disappointed 2 days in a row I won a rolling pin yet I was never credited. Frustrating I had to reset my tablet. When I logged back in and reinstalled game, I lost all my cakes, spatulas, cookies, etc...  Also lost all my lives Even though I log in under FB. How do I get these back Took me 101 games to build them up I actually love this game and will update once I get my goodies back
This game has some glitches If u have 5 minutes until your next life and exit the game be prepared to wait the full 30 when you log back in. It only gives rewards 40 of the time.  Occasionally the game freezes mid life and I have to reboot my device. Life is then lost.  Its a fun game but beware of annoyances.
Cookie Jam Will not load game properly.  Haven't been able to play for days and I'm having withdrawals.  Please Help                   When can I update again to fix this  Missing my infinite lives 
Awful My phone reset it self and now I have to start at level 1 when I was on level 154. This is my second time starting over. Why doesn't it synch with the Google games app....what's the purpose.  And you don't get your daily rewards
Blue I still don't  get my rewards for Daily playing even though i clam them. They never show up,and that's   a shame cause I really like this game. I still do not get them. I would give 5 stars but if you stick with a game you would thing they would be loyal to their players Seams like I am not the only one. I guess you do not care.
Lost special power icons All of my rainbow cakes, 5 moves, marshmallow sandwiches and whipped cream... etc. Plus coins that I had bought... all went down to zero. I was collecting them Just gone I love this game but this was money spent and daily prizes that just disappeared. Will give 5 stars when or if they return. Disappointed
Horrible I love the game but after a while it just restarts and you lose all of your progress.  This happened to me three times.  It is a great game but I am too frustrated with this issue.  I wouldn't download the game unless you are prepared to be frustrated
Cookie monster What is going on with this game.  No daily  rewards.  You get everyone to like this game and then you screw them out of stuff .  Fix your problems. Weeks gone by no answer to the problems   .    Wow guess its time for everyone to look for new game.  Good luck
Cookie Jam I personally don't really care for it because when you get stuck on a certain level you either ask your friends on facebook or if you are not on facebook. You get more lives when you get an email stating you have more lives. Whenever I get on a certain level. I quit or either delete the whole thing.
This is a great game  I love it I would award it 5 stars but you are supposed to get rewards for playing daily, which is great EXCEPT YOU DON'T  RECEIVE  THEM Other people are having the same issues but nothing is being done. One star until it's resolved. I am owed so much stuff and I am so fed up I'm  thinking of deleting. PLEASE FIX THIS PRIZE ISSUE AS I AM BEGINNING TO THINK THIS IS A SCAM AND YOU MAKERS  ARE BEING DISHONEST
Unresolved Issues Having to close game then reopen in order to get any sound. Been posting this issue for months now with no response.
Notifications I turn off these notifications every day and yet somehow the game overrides this and there they are again. Great game but if the notifications keep doing this I will have to uninstall. Very frustrating.
