Early wins Let's you move up the levels  early then bamm your done just like them all want you to buy coins...no
Slots vegas casino The game used to be good until the latest update. Now with the jackpot winners being shown all the time which covers about 13  the screen you can't even see the results of your spin. Continually  locks up and won't open. I am deleting it and looking for something better. The game keeps getting worse. No I can connect about  once a day. Then it says no connection. It didn't used to do this. Now you can't even play it
Wheel of luck Can't open game   I've enjoyed the game until wheel of luck. What's the point of respins if it's not wild Pointless respins.
Very funny Wants all your information or it starts with cannot connect. My connection works fine on all other games. All except this one.
Please sort out I will give you more stars when you sort out my issue because obviously emailing you and getting no response is your rudeness. I cannot log onto Facebook. It keeps saying error. Logging onto Facebook. I am a new user. Please help
BIG TIME SCAM I play this game for long time and I cannot play the game bc it constantly says lost connection when I have excellent connection. I observe many other people saying the same thing. By the address this game comes from Las Vegas. It's a shame what you do
Rigged to make them money It hardly lets you win and when you buy chips sometimes it doesn't give you them and when it does give you them it takes it off you quicker than you put them on.....
App Sucks Will not let you play long. I've purchased coin packs 2 times. .Never again. I noticed if you comment and it's not what they want to hear, they won't let you reinstall the app. It gives  a msg saying, not connected, please try again
What a joke I safe up until i had over n million and then within 5 min played all back without winning anything and this aint even real money so why cant u win sonething what a joke hahahaha  So stupid                       I know its only a game thats why i say why dont you win some more so you can atleast   have fun playing the game
Don't install...... It sucks It keeps telling me I've lost the connection. I've got great connection the game just sucks.
Can't play say connection lost but I can see other people supposedly winning jackpots in the back ground tell me how that works. Either I am connected or your game is a scam and just randomly tells people others are winning jackpots
Classic vegas Casino slots The cg is awesome but I never received the  milion credit..... I would give it 5 stars if I'd gotten the credits
Reviews are correct Game sucks. You have no chance of winning. Download something else that's not zentertain.
Sad Keeps telling me error in connection, when my internet does work. Whats up with that
Do you guys haft a flood the game with all those ads They keep causing  my devices to freeze while I'm in the app game trying to play. Personally myself,  I think it suck   But that's just me.
It is fun but winning just to play doesn't happen. Have to collect free credits . You would think it is real money
About as exciting as wearing Depends then taking a huge dump in them... See above
Only got to spin 3 times, and lost all three spins. ARE YOU SURE YOU WANT ME TO RATE YOU ALREADY Not looking very good right this moment. I'll check back later  
