Doesn't work For some reason, it is not working on my ASUS ZenFone 2. I really loved this game, but now it won't work. Ugh
It doest give me the ask friends to get free life, instead it gives it to your friends, so you're stuck not getting  any. Stupid Also, once you hit level 34 if you don't get all 3 stars you can't move on. You have to get the 3 stars. At least with all the games I have played so far you can move on after so many hours go by. Who ever made this game need to make changes. I've uninstalled the stood game
I have now downloaded this game onto my tablet. It still has glitches and won't connect me to the store. I can send free lives but can not receive them Please fix this
Doesn't work I really like this game but it won't let me move to the next level even tho I passed to move to the board.
Bubble Blaze Welllll its a fun game until you get to level 48  You can't achieve that level with the  of bubbles given... You have to pay 99 cents to pass the level. I spend a little money on games I like but I refuse to spend money just to pass the levels  Highway Robbery 
Beautiful  Rubbish Great graphics, addictive at first, then it gets impossible forcing you to pay for in app purchases, I'm not one of those people that throw money on a game, I'm just what the developers don't want. So I've deleted. Goodbye 
Given up loading on my Android, rubbish No way to report problem, gets as far as pressing PLAY then drops out completely. I have money and time invested in this
Too many in game purchase request Continual advertisement and have to purchase upgrade to stop them and always asking you to purchase addons. Game is also jittery.
Problems The game keeps force closing will you plz fix really love this game. Fix it and will change rating thanks
I've been sitting on a level for over a month waiting for this game to update but nothing. Before I loved the game now I might as well Uninstaller it.
Frustrated It's fun but it just keeps freezing up. I have installed it and uninstalled it like 4 times on my phone and it still is doing it
Bubble blaze Once u get to level 54 it won't let u get to level 55 unless u pay.. that's not cool at all
It was fun at first, but now it doesn't let me play. Heck it doesn't even want to open. Please fix
Back at level 1 I had been on level 184 then one day it kept force closing. When it finally opened I was back at level 1 Even lost all my boosters that I bought. Mad me mad. I enjoyed the game but  am disappointed that I lost everything.
Strange I loved this game n i played till level 45. But after that after winning this respective level i won't open next level. I am playing this level from last 4 days but it's not opening. It's vary irritating.
Not worth it The moment you move up the levels, more senseless it becomes. I'm stuck at lvl 48 with 20 balls only at 3rd week and there is no way it can be cleared without buying coins. Extra balls bought from points don't do anything. I also noticed that at this level even game logic is wrong despite random selection of balls you continuously gets color balls which are no where related to that level. Even this stage has lot of bugs as you will see ball sticking at wrong angles. Thumbs down
