I Am Not Satisfied With App I downloaded the app and done the mobile bill payment 8 hours ago but till now didnt got any confirmation from payzapp nor from mobile operator but amount debited from my HDFC card. Please fix it otherwise operator may impose late payment charges as today is my bill due date.
How to know that billed payment transaction is done or not Bcz m seeing dat money withdraw from ma account bt status is NA.Called support team but didn't get any response. Dissatisfied 
Cashback not received as mentioned I have done recharges and bill payments as mentioned in the offer page. Till now i cant see any cashbacks reflecting in my statement.
Dissappointed and irritated.. Downloaded the app to book airticket. Added 10k to the wallet. But couldnt make payment on several attempts. Now my money is stuck in the wallet. Not able to use it. Showing card blocked. Called up customer care and registered complaint. Its been more than 48hours and no response. Now tat customer care number is also not responding... My money is stuck.. feeling irritated and dissappointed. I strongly recommended not to try this app. Its not properly tested ..
Transaction failing multiple times After submitting the OTP , it is refreshing the page and asking to start the transaction again.. i updated the app and reinitiated transaction.. t failed 6 times.. i give up
Don't trust on this app, I lost my money, 0 rating I was trying to recharge my prepaid mobile using this app, amount was deducted, app shows successful message but actually recharge was not successful service provider sent me sms saying that recharge unsuccessful I wrote email to payzapp team they said our system shows recharge done successfully and then they stopped replying my mail and thus I lost my recharge amount of Rs. 125
I am not able to update the app and this is avoiding the usage of the app. Kindly suggest
I hate this app Not able to Get Cash Back... Done 2 Transaction as per terms but yet not get any Cash Back.. Can u Plz Help me Out if Possible
App failed on first attempt only, money deducted and not recharged I use payzap for mobile recharge, money has been deducted but not yet recharged, I don't get it, in status its showing success but recharge fails.
Need to Improve more Offers are Ok but processing of cash backs are too late, nw a days other service providers r dng in instant in 24 hours, so have a look in that, Good luck.
Taking too much of time. Some times this app is not working for recharge and taking more time for the process.
Mobile recharge I am attempting to recharge my son's mobile not happening. There is a statement on top left which says invalid subscriber id something. When I say pay nothing happens. I am in j and k the no too is local if that helps you
Payment Can't make payment through rupay card provided by bank itself. Pls provide net banking facility at least. Can't avail the app offers bieng Hdfc ac holder
Recharge unsuccessful more Times Any recharge no.of times but it is not success.
Serious security issue Once i linked my credit card with payzapp, it never goes for 3d secure password process during transaction, as we see in other online transactions. I am using HDFC credit card itself, but when i tried recharging for more than 3 times, it used my saved card number cvv and other details but never went for 3d secure passwordotp process. This is insane
plz help I hv created a virtual card but can't use it want to redeem my money put on that card plz let me know how 
Not user friendly HDFC  would have done better ijob by properly testing app before launching for customers. I just installed and try to find to register billers but no option. That mean I have to always enter  details mnually. Also tried to make a phone post paid payment it went through and failed at end. No proper reason was given.  It may be due the reason that I have not added fund in app but this should have warned me before proceeding with payment.  ICICI pockets is much better.
Not received cash back I have made a bill payment on 17 th Oct of Rs. 433. But till now I haven't received the cash back.
Please don't trust Smartbuy My refund is pending since a month.... The airline has credited the full amount in refund but these smart buy guys have not passed on the amount to me inspite of providing all the necessary details long back Moreover no one responds to the call on the helpline number.....
No cash back at all Only transferred money from bank but not transferred to other from payzap and i used this app for mobile recharge but not done only taken money from bank account .50 rupees balance in the pay zap account but can't transfer soo bad I hate this application alway seen invalid subsicribed id what's wrong
Not trustworthy, sorry The moment I installed the app, I was told that I am entitled to receive a cashback of Rs 50 in one click. There was a like and dislike button from which I was required to choose one, so I clicked on 'Like' and nothing happened. So in order to get more likes, this is what they are doing. So the first impression was a negative one for me.
Stollen my ruppee Payzap app has not described any terms in block letter that they will deduct my money from main balance.....    its wrong app
Very slow.. Poor customer service. My account got deducted by amount but recharge was unsuccessful.
No cashback. Worst customer care Even after several follow ups, no cash back was credited to my account. The customer care responds after waiting time of 5 minutes and is really rude. Don't trust this app and go for better options like paytm and freecharge.
