Update erased everything I had every car in the game and every car that has been removed from the game and is no longer obtainable...over 10M in cash and over 6M rp.  I am HoF in several levels of play and lost everything with this new update.   Can't set my profile to my name, says error  already exists  lol.  Email sent.
freezes constantly so loose rp when in bet race everytime i do a bet race it freezes then you have to close the app down for it to work but even then when u load it back up it has taken rp of you which is is joke because its not our fault the software is glitching also if i have a fully upgraded car how can the sams car beat me in every race The higher the level you get the worse it is need to be sorted then i might think about playing it again but for the time being its being left as it is 
ads toooooooo many... 2 to get rid of them... ok... well.... dont you make off then... and I want my RENTALCAR name and game back...
Well.. I'm glad so see the ability to save game data to a server has finally arrived. The data loss patch didn't fix mine.. Droid 2 no root
WTF Your Bud Light ads freeze the game way too much. Please fix. I do like it's it's a lot of fun.
Update did not fix my loss I updated on my Android zte,I've had the game over a year now.I was so far and had so much.lost it all.
Were are my cars I've been playing since 2012 I had a lot of cars now there gone and the update to get them back didn't work this was my everyday game man wtf
Not a bad game but I've reinstalled it three times and I can't get past level 4 on the career
Needs Updates you need decals more cars better graphics and take off rp because of that everyone hates this game
Cool, but.... Freezes every time I play it. Sometimes I get one race, sometimes I get 5, but it always always always freezes.
You took my money I've paid three times now for rp and  it hasn't credited me any give me my money back
Game progress erased Customer support is little to none. Google's Play Games can't even restore game. The option to restore from server magically disappeared Along with all purchases. Customer support has drug its feet and lost the ball. Don't get duped buying anything in game... It amounts to wasted time.
Too many ads. It gets old having to exit ads every other race. This all wasn't always like this. A few years ago, you could play with minimal interruption, now, not so much.
Use to love it Now look at all the replies. Everyone is  We're working on it or looking into it. Stop updates. That's what's ruining it. I just ran a random race, then my 3rd position car started racing on its own. It took away 1849 points Was over 4000. This wasn't the first or second or 3rd time it did it.
Should be a negative star. Continually black out and freezes causing me to force stop just. Use to love this game so I decided to get it again, but I definitely will delete it if this keeps up.
Alright I dont like the rp thing much because it takes way to many for 1 upgrade and then you have to struggle to get rp that makes me doesn't want to play the game
Latest update erased everything Updated and lost all money and rp. Can't use user name says name already exists.
Cant connect to sever I cleared data and cashe and it still will not connect to sever and it just...omg and i cant change my name fixxx it
Lost everything Was good and fun especially with the tuning option. But i got on the day before and i lost all my stuff. I spend 3days tuning my cars its bull...
What happen I get the game and tried it.The game says force to close.Whats wrong with the game
Even after the so called data fixed. I still don't have any of my money or my rp or my cars
