Support sucks Did an event sent screen shots of me doing the event and they still claim i didn't do the event. Live support never knows anything and all they do is send your issue to a team. I'm thinking it's a team of monkeys. Plus anytime you do have an issue you don't get any compensation for them.  emily derosa the players are the lords or ladies depending on their gender
Don't see any lords... I was told there would be lords in this game but all I see is a modified clash of clans. Also it tastes like bacon. Aimbot
Wasted Time Sorry for that rank coz loading for checking version is too much long then i can't connect hmmm fixed them plsss...can i play this game with google acc. 
Matchmaking Decent for killing time, matchmaking is ridiculous. Forced to go against people stronger and higher lvls. Yet, you are constantly raidedattacked by people higher, and way stronger than you. For once I would love to get an easy raid as well. 2 stars. Thinking of moving on as well...
Lazy GM's If you lose out cause of a glitch you found, gm's will ask for screenshots via email, then details, then screenshots, then details,  etc etc etc, till you give up. Too gready and getting too rich to care Avoid like the plague
when i downloaded ,i thought i had a great game on my tab and rated 5 stars,but customer support is really bad. some unknown person has hacked my game and wasting my jewels and fusing off maxed heros. i complained this to live support and even mailed to their support with screen shots updating them daily from nearly a week about my loss,but till now they couldnt solve it. so i dont think this is a nice game to spend money as i have also purchased  in this and wasted them with precious time.
Xperia SP Good game, hire 10x is bad, arena is worst of all, with mercenary lvl 25 and heroes around 125135 with 3 tanks still get annihilated by other team with levels way below of around 100110 with hardly any mercenary above 20 by look.                             Since the latest update its practically impossible to win in arena even with opponent having lowly heroes...worst.
Hiring Heroes Suck. You guys definitely deserve 1 star. Ever since i get suck heroes during hiring and spend almost 3.8k jewels, i stop buying monthly package. Arggg gotta go wait for CoC update then.
