Rip off I paid paid to have everything unlocked for my daughter and even though it shows it is unlocked in the store it is still locked in the game. So I'm just out 10
Scam I got this app for my younger sister to keep her busy in public but after playing 2 or 3 times you have to buy things to continue and I am not allowed to buy things on Google play so, I am mad cause this game looked sweet for younger kids.
Terrible My nieces liked playing this game until it got to Orange Blossom. The orange straw was locked and you cannot progress further in the game unless you get the recipe correct. And how can you do that if it's locked.  My nieces won't play the game any more. Glad I didn't purchase anything yet.
Ripped off What dipshit decided it was a good idea to lock the very first game ingredient. My daughter is so disappointed. Shame on you money hungry mongrels
Its so boring The game only lets you have smoothes it is horendis cant give it a five fix it first
Ughhhhhhhhhh Ok so first things first i donwloaded this gsme for younger sister to play this game it looked fun and cool she was quiet for minutes until she got to orange blossom and the orange straw was locked and she started moaned i was annoyed but am happy i didnt pay for it seeing alot of comments say it was a rip off  Please fix
Princess kayla24 This game is boring to make it better unlock all the games so we won't have to buy them that's what make it fun
Do not bother Although free...kids can't do anything without spending a small fortune on addons which don't work, total waste of money. Avoid.
Greedy developers, exploiting children Unrealistic prices, ads even after purchasing, very unethical and greedy developers spoil what could have been good. Shame you and shame on your company.
I am very disappointed. I really liked this game but, unfortunately because of your very HIGH prices I could not fully enjoy your game. 10.00 to unlock everything. 4.00 for additional recipes. 5.00 for the for all kitchen tools Are you kidding me Like, this is a CHILDREN'S game. For those prices I can go to Kroger and buy the ingredients to make the REAL thing. Yes, I will be uninstalling. Also the Orange Blossom level Really.
Just   no I got  this  game  and thought  it would  be  fun  But it wasn't  Your  2nd  or 3rd  time  playing  the  game  you have  to  payso no ,just  no
Sew it nowwwwww  It only let's u play for a bit. After that you have to pay real money to buy a cake pop and to buy a straw.Now you can't even play at all. I'm so mad I could just delete play store .
Bad that you have to pay for item's especially when its designed for children,                            How many children have access to bank accounts unless parents give authorisation      The developers should alter game by rewarding with free items when children complete task.                                                    .
So bad I dislike it It is soooo bad we have to buy many things . only one ingredient we can make. I HATE IT.
0 stars Only one thing is unlockrd. I did not even bother to start the game
Don't get me started The game is good but it's hard to buy stuff when you don't have any money and I uograded it and it still suck I think I'm going to unstall it because I paid 20 dollars on it and it doesn't work don't get this game
Its very good buttttttttt We can only make one desert plz unlock one note desert plxxxx
I kind of love it But worst thing about this game is cause you still need to purchase the other ingredients and other things like its really hard to do that
Seriously You can only make stupid shakes don't download it justs takes up space on your phone 
Not worth download Would b a great game but u have 2 spend real to move up in game a Real Rip Off
Just a another rip off i I try and try to find strawberry games that you don't have to pay for everything literally you have to pay for everything literally everthing it is a rip off  It is a waste of time and your storage I REPEAT DO NOT DOWNLOAD
Hated it You can't move on without buying things and i'm not allowed to and it won't allow me to go on it sometimes
