Big Win Slots Rigged The game is Rigged to where u have to give them your Credit Card Number to keep playing. Took me 1 week to get to 12,000 coin, I lost all of it in 10 minutes, now their asking for my Credit Card. NOT DELETE APP
Big Win This game SUCKS The game is rigged to make you lose, so you can buy there chips. Then they screw you on those too. SUCKS BIGTIME
Did like it until For whatever reason you move a low level game  suddenly to 100 levels higher.   Why is it yoy all move the relly cool games to higher levels suddenly  To get ppl to spend money on exp.  Thats bs. Leave the games at the levels they were from the start.
Slots Big Win Uninstalled this game for one month,  hoping the problems would be addressed about my diamonds not being credited to move off level 34.  Also 50 percent of the time I get 0 credits during Diamond Frenzy or Happy Hour  Well, the problems are still happening  I am still at level 34
DO NOT DOWNLOAD THIS GAME Fun till level 10. Poor pay out and 3 hr bonus only 700... can blow that in one spin. Used to be a good game. Wont get a penny of my hard earned real money.. nice try.
Since it keeps spamming me to rate All these slot apps is money. They dont care if its fun or not. This app well give you a 5 of a kind on a slot and they payout will be less then the cost of the spin. Every time you get on it spams you with 3 or more sales. And the timed bonus is a joke.  Suck a dick
Big win casino Just reached level 97and it gave me 9,700had 3thous and something which added up to 13,something when return back to game only had 3thousand and this is the second time it has happen please give me my points back and fixs games please..Sandra caldwell
Absolutely fixed ...since a glitch stopped the game from running correctly I have lost 168,000 ...bonus games seem to be frozen from hitting ...I have spent a little over 100 in real money on this game..never again...not another dime..wheel bonus used to give decent now nothing above 3000 ..used to love this game but now it does nothing but take....horrible
Aimed to make you buy coins Frequent wins on low paying levels, Wins are far and few on higher paying levels, its clear its aimed at forcing you to buy coins from them. The majority of wins are consideribly less than your bet, you rarely get above. YOUR MONEY IS BETTER SPENT IN A REAL POKIE
Still not good So I gave them another chance, payouts are ridiculously low and far and few between it is hard to enjoy a game when you run out of coins consistently. And the free bonus spin pays out less than what you get free every few hours, c'mon
Frolicking flora I had over a million or so coins. Then the game went out and has not loaded for me in over 3 months.... and noones talking about a refund... I literally Give big win no stars, but you have at least rate it at a one...fix or return the money
Big Win Happy hours that do not pay. Paul from customer service justs blows you off with generic excuses. Now minimun bets are 50 credits so daily bonus isn't enough for a spin. Can you think of more ways to screw players Over a year playing. Now completely disgusted with your greedy ethics.
FIX I understand that if I bet more, I get more diamonds... But I don't need that notification on 247 on ANY game I play to remind me I can't see a GREAT portion of the screen It blocks the gameplay and its blocked my fun. I'll come back to this game when I see an update is released.
Crap U don't get 8 on ur winning during happy hour it don't give u ur points wen u got 3 connected its a really crappy game. Pus wen u email support n pics they never email u back no response they don't care. If u wanna do something cuz ur bored OK but don't bother putting  into it. Robbers
Big Win If i was playing for free,i wouldn't care.But when i spend my Money,i expect game to be fair.Way to many kinks,never wi ll spend one cent
Sucks This game suddenly stopped giving more win and bonuses. And of course if u complain to a rep their answer will be it's all about luck which is bull crap...... Never again well I buy any more coins bunch of thieves They will not do anything to accomadate anyone with their issues because they know we all will continue playing if everyone were to close the App the company fails that's what I'm hoping for
I loved playing the games. But here lately I was up to a million coins n all of a sudden it it wouldn't hit anything and kept losing. Didn't matter what time of the day it was. I'm down to almost nothing Good thing I didn't pay to play Really Sucks
Happy hour doesn't pay you The slots are fun sometimes but every time happy hour or diamond frenzy start I always play the whole time it says you have to and it doesn't pay out. Fix issue will change rating if not fixed will uninstall.
Credits last as long as 2 mins 3 mins if you're lucky, took longer to download. As soon as I dropped my bet I won the bonus round. Crap payouts. More fun had with watching paint dry. Just like all the other BIG WIN slots all talk  no action don't waste your time...it's rubbish.
Installed excepts Facebook downloads 13rd of the way will not open.  Uninstalled in November reinstalled today hoping it would open.  Great game if I could play. Tried to open this ap, again.  I have a lot of points that I paid for last year and can not use.  Accepts Facebook then won't open. Don't give this game money
Used to be able to win. After the last update...not so much.  It takes way too many coins to get to the next level. I could not buy that many. Too bad, was a fun game but no more.  Deleting it and moving on Not good
I played continual spins for an hour or close to it with no bonuses. The beginning of the game you were generous but it is to much of a gap for me. So far with all the casino apps I have Double U Casino is great. They are not overwhelming but I don't have to spin 5 minutes without getting bonuses or scatters. Your program needs improving.
