Why If I'm gonna wait the length of time it takes to download the whole game I don't want to open it later and find out its just a demo. That's just cruel. Either make it so you can have the whole game free or at the very least warn people that its not the whole game before they go through the entire process. It's really aggravating
Bad bad Very Bad Game We download this game but the issue is that this is not a free purchasing game...this game is working on your money....I think this game is totally loss of your mobile data and then your money ..Don't download this game......ByPrem Sharma
Rowdy people You should give the full version of this game free. If anybody installing the game having 50mb size. Then they will wish to play the full game not just 4 or 5 level. otherwise  You have no need to say it's free.
It is a good game but it only has 15 levels total please add more levels to the next update That is what I think of this game
Way..... Different from the water game.... It's totally different. Dumb app. Perry.... It's way different. Because it shows new stuff in it which don't like and hate. And you also have to buy it for 1.99. Who cares about the paying Anyway, don't DOWNLOAD. Because it's a bunch of crap.
I likedthe game but Only a few levelsseriouslyto us serious gamers thats aload of crap. Im not paying unless it is a game I know I'll enjoy.
Fuming old game bloody hell f games and plus in balham muzzle just said alabama sweet ob la da da da da do do dee do dee do dee oh lord do de do do de do do
That's not fair. You are saying it's free but the real thing is it's not Don't cheat with people.
The last thing I'm sorry to bother you again but the most important thing is that you can be found in this message because you've registered a awesome but it would be the best idea were going on a daily basis
Its need money to ply.. Waste 1ly 5 lvl avilable.... Nat worth 120 rs. I am uninstall it
Don't download.. It has only 5 stages.. You have buy full version after that I love this game but you are providing only 5stages that to in a 50mb app U should give at least 2 levels..
Should be free Not a lot of levels you have to buy them then  3 leaves per each  so I give it 0 it like this for every Disney games
I hated it because cut the rope has more levels  and this game only has 15 levels it took me five minutes to finish it 
