I hate it I mean i like the game and all... But the freaking adds are killin me. Every time i start a level or a game it cuts me off and put on the same ad over and over again. The stupid fantastic four. I thoughy ads were for tv
Adds INAPRORATE ADDS I SET IT TO 10 YEARS OLD FOR MY DAUGHTER AND SHE SAW AN ADD AND NOW SHE HAS TROUBLE SLEEPING
Awful None of the charm that made the first one good. The free version has a disgusting amount of advertising stuffed into it, and it doesn't seem good enough to pay for
Inappropriate ads I downloaded this game for my child, but the ads that play between each level are for some movie that terrified her. This game is supposedly family friendly why would you play an ad for a gory horror film when children play this game. I don't mind ads, but this was completely wrong.
So. Many. Adds. Seriously i couldnt get to another level before getting 2 adds in between. Dont do it unless you love excessive adds
Loved older version to bits Why are there ads when I have paid for the game. When are the new levels coming Older version was more stronger graphically and also looked more organized. This one has a lame layout
Great game too many ads I would rate the game much higher if I wasn't forced to watch an ad after every action I make. It is sad honestly that Disney's business logic is to show so many ads and hope that children play will just click them.
U R IRRESPONSIBLE the only reason to give this review is.... People keep on complaining about problems faced with those ads...  Why don't u just answer them.... Solutions are secondary but u should answer them..... Right now am gonna uninstall thizzzzzzz..... 
Ad city I would gladly pay a 1 time fee to stop the ads pending the fee be reasonable.  I hate how all of these games are going to inapp crap along with ads.  Sticking to version 1 for my son.
Ads I love this game but the fact that there is an ad every time you get to another level is outrageous It takes away from the game completely at least give an option to buy an ad free version, or something but this app will lose players due to its overwhelming plethora of bs ads
Too many ads. Crashes every few levels There are ads every time you load something new which is mentioned in multiple reviews. The game crashes every few levels and the Levels are now designed to be use the power ups for which you will end up paying for more. The first one was such a great game and some of these are enjoyable,  if you have the patience to wait for them.
Ads ads ads and more ads There's no reason I need to sit through two ads to play one level. None whatsoever. It actually led top me uninstalling because it was so ridiculous.
It is a great game and i love it but it makes me so frustrated be i had mad  it to the soap factory and made it through the first barrier then stopped playing the game. then when i came back and turned it on it had started back to level one Then i just tried to work my levels back up like no big deal  but every time i come back to play the game it starts over at level 1 pleasssssssssssssssssssssse fix this.
Awful They really ruined what would otherwise have been a nice game. There are so many full screen ads, the game is borderline with unplayable. Sort it out DISNEY I don't mind adverts at the side but when you load a any thing in this game you are greeted with a FULL SCREEN ADVERT EVERY 5 SECONDS. DISNEY, FIX THIS AND SORT YOURSELF OUT
Ads are ridiculous Love the game. They should just charge like the first where's my water. My kids click on the ads by mistake all the time. Also game crashes every couple of levels.
Crashes and Lies This app crashes more than any other I've used. Also, even when you pay to get rid of the ads, they still bombard you with them, including loud and obnoxious video ads before and after every single level. The first WMW and Where's My Perry are GREAT games. This one really sucks.
I can understand an ad between levels, but right in the middle of one Not a great game.
Way to many ads This games rating will continue to go down if the ads didn't pop up after every single level. It's the most aggravating thing to have to wait 5 seconds just to skip the ad every single time.
Awesome but anoying I like the game it pretty good and gives you a challenge but there's to many adds
Should have called it Where's my ad Too many ads. Like what the fck. You can have cancer just by trying to play because ads are literally everywhere. You can avoid them by cutting internet before playing and get a game barely playable until you reach a door with keys you can't get unless you annoy friends on facebook. I bough the first game since I loved it but this one is just a big deception. Into the trash this app goes Kappa
RUINED ONE OF THE BEST MOBILE GAMES I loved the original WMW enough to play through it twice. Is the sequel as challenging Well, I stuck with it for 536 ducks including 2 paid level packs and never found out because of the ads. Creature Feep, you have my condolences.  and Joey Bragg, you deserve a better timeslot than this.
