Transformation. In less than a month I can now pop my shirt buttons off by just tensing up. I can also dance my pecs to r  b music 
Hanged at level 1 I have completed level 1 and its no more working now. hanged out here.
Boo yah for pushups Great app, simple works the way it is intended and I love the shattering glass to represent breaking your limits.  I always push hard once I know the glass is about to break.
Motivating I put off getting the PRO version for a year, but it's just two bucks. If you're serious about getting yourself into shape and enjoy the illusion of a personal trainer, then there's no reason you shouldn't upgrade.
Really works if you do it right I have to take a fitness test soon and was really struggling with the push ups. I could maybe do 3 in a row and they weren't low enough. Someone showed me this app, and in just a couple weeks, I'm at my goal and climbing.
Big fan Considering my arms are jelly right now from this app, is say it's all good.
Get up  do it Small steps are key, keep moving forward, mix in some additional exercises google them  you'll get there Great app, reminds you  badgers you.
The badges and sense of progress is really good.  I suggest a capacity of up to 500 pushups
Very nice motivation Its easy to use interface makes setting up easy.  It helps me focus more on the pushups and keeps track of them very well.
Great app Very intuitive...well thoughtout design to hold users accountable for their reps.
Great app I achieved 78 pushups in one go with this app and I still get higher every time. The paid version is worth it.
Love the concept but not accurate. I really like the app and will continue to use but I still have to count them out loud bc it will skip some..... up to ten once.
Bloody amazing This app is the best push up app out there. At the start I could barely do 10 and that would strain me beyond repair. Now im doing over 100 every morning. Infact, this morning I did 137, also the changes are very noticeable. Definitely worth getting the pro version,  best investment I've made in along time.
Hate pushups, love the app I am terrible at pushups, but getting better, thanks in very large part to this app. Who knew technology could make me more fit Awesome
Runtastics PushUps Good enough But accurancy of pushups counter have room to improve.
Love this simple but effective app Help me get a quick yet effective workout in every day
Good motivation Reminder features and timed rest intervals are most helpful.
Simple, single tasked, customisable, motivational, fun to use. And does help to improve rapidly.
Loved it I buy 3 item running, push up and seat up
