Awesome app Although not as great as the full version, I love being able to open and edit my documents from my phone and tablet, add to that the fact the app is free what's not to like
Hands down, the best word processor There are other good options out there but Micrsoft original suite is defenitely the best. I use it a lot to review documents and make small changes on my phone yeah I know, but I'm always on the move and I don't  like to carry anything around, not even a tablet. Anyway, you wont find anything better.
Surprisingly good The best Office Suite for Android, and I have used all of them I think. It takes a bit of getting used to but there isn't much you can't do on it and as a teacher I would consider myself a power user.
Excellent mobile version Haven't actually used it to create a document from scratch, but review and edit is a breeze.  Also eliminates minor formatting changes that end up in some second party apps, especially when dealing with docx documents.
Easy way to use what I am already used to. Loads easy, updates documents easily and seamlessly. Wonderful way to have this familiar tool on the go. I am a Microsoft Office subscription user, so having the latest version along with OneDrive...everything is always right here when I need it.
Awesomeness abounds I used to use Google Docs for my documents but Word is WAY better for me. It works more fluidly and the UI is clean and simple.
For a pocket version, it's pretty impressive in how much you can do in relation to regular Word. Some tools seem a little bit finicky, and it takes a minute to get used to where things are, however I commend how well it performs. And I can save directory to my Dropbox I don't like it, I love it.
Great App Such a life saver,  saved me so many times,  works just like your on the computer, I love it Plus I can use Google Talk and it picks it up great which I love.
Great I had a major problem with my computer at work and being able to use word on my Galaxy S5, and not worry about formatting issues was perfect.
Very good compatibility This application is truly great and makes your life much easier It has a superb built in feature that supports saving documents to not only Microsoft products. This is very rare these days, thank you Microsoft for being so user friendly Easy and effective to use of course, suit multiple purposes. The Microsoft Corporation made it again
