It's amazing Has a ton of listings and when you zoom out it shows even more and more and has great options I haven't found a apartment yet but that's because of problems on my end but I love it I've told a ton of friends already also
Currently blowing my mind.... ...I've been desperately looking for a rental that fits my style, wants, needs and budget...which until finding this incredible app, has been a complete crapshoot In mere minutes I've found numerous places that I'll be checking out tomorrow. I'd highly recommend this app to anyone searching for their next place to call home
Great Apartment App I'm currently just viewing apartments for rent to get an idea of how much they cost when I move away from NYC. Very simplistic and straightforward. Love how easy it is to check out apartments. No issues so far.
Retired Looking for home.  Management that can handle their jobs. The office is a big party. Peace and quiet and choice of apartments available.
Calculate commute Loved that you don't have to map everything in terms of commute time on separate windows,  this app does it for you
Rate This app has helped me out a lot with trying to find an apartment that suits me. I absolutely love it 
Looking Currently looking for a place but this has been really helpful. Hoping I'll find a place soon
Very easy This one i found was easier to navigate. It is a great way to research before you go look while having a good idea of what you want.
Fair It's a wonder app. Helps me look for potential places to live and very easy to use. Just one advice. Know where you want to live bc it will load every time you move the screen so it could take a while to get you there by scrolling. Other then that 1010
Simply the best out beat any rental website you can find online this app is a must have
If you promise to stop asking me for a rating, I'll give you 5 stars.
Great Variety This app had a lot more apartments then other apps
Helpful Informational wish there were more pictures and reviews from some properties
This thing is awesome I'm currently looking for apartments and this app delivers. Pictures and addresses are shown along with prices are shown. Good work
Everything u want in a home searching app Everything is detailed oriented and shows the price,lease,utilities and more
