Great help for my study Very useful in my OT master program. Easy to explain to my patients. Information is accurate. A lot of thanks  to developers
Great update. Thanks Good for learning human anatomy. great for my AP course. Love the 3d graphics
Excellent App., and Update This is quite an incredible App  Liked its information before, this new update just makes it all the sweeter  Very useful, FREE....WOW
Excellent app with audio I work in medical field and sometime I need to show pictures for better understand ing. Great graphics. App work smoothly in my phone.
Not a med student I am 70 self educated, tools like this are key to having the resorts and time to do it
Study with this It's really helping me for my anatomy and Physiology course. I guess the only critique I have is the test or quiz that is there. I was hoping that maybe we could have exercises where we fill in the blank on the skeleton or organ to further engrave what we're learning. Honestly, this ap is really good though it's just a lot to memorize and sink in haha.
I teach AP and have all my students download this. Most prefer not to be 'book studying' on the bus Excellent detail and great interactivity. Highly Highly reccommend
Great Basic app this app is great for the basics. The ability to hear the word said is helpful. Also it gives,you the points you need as well. Worked great for me.
Missing some stuff on the eye. But still far better than other apps
Great App I have to say that this app helped me in so many ways
Really very helpfull to know the human body Its 3d and its explaing all.
One of Best free anatomy app It is a great study tool.  Detail information with audio and great graphics.  Work well in my phone
Very good Perfect app for someone looking to brush up on their anatomy. Good app doesn't take up much space and loads quickly.
It's really excellent  Everyone can develop the knowledge about human body.
Great for learning anatomy even to those who never had a science background.
Wonderful App For the price of FREE, you'll get a lot in return. Clear  concise, with explanations. 3D features are great. Prefect for my phone,  too
Excellent anatomy reference Stored on the SD chip. 3D rotation is excellent. Very accurate information.
Great teaching aid I recommended this app to all my students.
Jake Excelent for reference, could not be any better or simpler to use.
Its very helpful for studend as well as medical health workers...
Student for uma this app is great because it will let us see the full version of the body we are studying, Thanks for your help and support jairo rivera
Helpful Great study tool for my AP class
 Very useful for learning parts of the body and their functions.
Great Solid information app It is very helpful to me as a student of physiotherapy. It has audio also. Highly recommend
Great app Amazing app for learning human anatomy. Great visual.
Simple to use and very informative
Love it Using as review for radiography anatomy class.
great app more try and clear muscles  skeleton
