Good for my kitten woogy Its good to know what to do if something to bad happens to him his 5 weeks old this is a good app
Great to have Jeremy  in general, you should not be charged for the same app on the same platform example Google  all Android devices, App Store all iOs devices. Be sure that you are signed into the same Google account that you first purchased the app on, and when you go to download that same app, you should just see the install option.  lt Me, former tech support for a major wireless carrier  geek As a pet sitter, this is a great tool.
Musthave app for the pet care industry I especially loved the CPR videos. Wish there was one for the flatchested breeds, though.
Great app Very useful and informative, well laid out and easy to find information quickly.
Lot of good to know information. Very informative and like the quizzes to test myself. If you have pets you need to know the information in this App
Free App for My Pets This is a great FREE app like all other Red Cross apps.  I think the other reviewers are confusing it with another app by another company.  Anyway it's a handy quick resource.
Great info, easy to use app The information in this app is basically a simplified version of what's in the bookDVD. I love how it includes little tests and badges to earn, great practice just in case.
A must have Is easy to use, well organized, I love it. A
Pet first aid red cross
Awesome Thanks for developing an app for our furry friends. Great information to have at your fingertips.
This is great
Comprehensive information that is easy to understand
Dog first aid
Very helpful quick resource
So worth it Videos plays immediately... very informative on both cats and dogs.  Covers a large variety of emergency situations. .. the cat CPR video is a bit unclear, I was hoping for something like the animated steps in the red cross app for humans but not that big of a deal....on a side note, I Wish I would have had this app 2 weeks ago when my cat suddenly had a stroke and died..I had no idea what to do...maybe I could have saved her
Very informative I downloaded this after an earthquake in my area.  I've had dogs since I was 3 years old  I thought I knew everything there was to know...wrong I learned far more than I expected.  Well worth the .99 spent. No amount of  is too great to ensure the health of my beloved Yorkie in the event of a disaster. App is also very appropriate for every day scenarios.  Highly recommend
Very Helpful. Samsung Galaxy Note. I heard about this on the radio. What a great app to have. I have a 9 month old Bicon Frise that eats to fast and sometimes chokes on her food. I use to stroke her throat, then i learned the correct procedure to do on this App. Get This App. You wont regret it.
Very useful Would be nice if it had an emergency view that starts lists symptoms to help diagnose but the app is well designed and has tons of useful information.
Critical info when needed This app provides quick info on how to deal with emergencies. Even though I am CPR and first aid certified I value having this type of ref doc readily available on my phone and tablet.  It can save a pet's life in an emergency.  Time to respond is critical.
Geat Just read about this in the  Tampa Bay Times  it spoke very highly of this. With 7 cats all various ages one is bound to have an emergency need. Thank you
A great app for dog  cat owners Besides the great info regarding pet first aid situations, there are quizzes to test your cat  dog medical knowledge, a place to record important facts for each of your pets, a petfriendly hotel and veterinary clinic locator, and so much more.  I highly recommend this app for pet owners
Great app A must have for pet owners I really love this app
A must have app for pet owners Uses your phones GPS to find pet friendly hotels and veterinary hospitals
Fur babies Furry familyJazzy,Miss Mia Kiki Kiki is Missing Rocky, Koda Pepe
Thank you for this important information lt3 Love this So happy to have this information in my purse at all times. Precious information I do think there should be a test at the end of EVERY category to encourage people to read everything included here cause its so freakin important Also, have a way to see your achievements. Thanks again. I'm sure this will save more than one best friend's life lt3
Wow This is a great app Was mad about it being the only one that's priced...but this app has everything you need to know and then some. Very simple menus...very awesome GET THIS APP NOW
Wow Helps a lot in taking care of my cats and dogs
Very handy Handynfor emergencies. Lots of good info.
