Look's good so far. 8
Im enjoying this Seeing the person you'er talking to.
Love it Wonderful app
Amazing
Awesome I love every minute of it
Music Nikki
Still love the app, even after a year of having it, however could you fix the notification issue in the next update please. Alot of times it won't tell me I have a new msg. This a recent issue because I've never had an issue with that or anything else within this past year of using the app
One of the Best out There I've tried a few messenging apps... Like Handcent and Textra.. But this app.. Beats them all... Good job... No complaints
Great great messaging app The only thing I would like to see is a customizable list screen. Not a big for an of blue... Lol. But I LOVE the stickers and the app
This jawn is awesome With the technology of mobile phones constantly improving there are so many apps that are not keeping up. This video and text messaging app has taken no shorts. The video calls are absolutely outstanding. The video text are bangin' and of course the text messaging is works very well. I gave this bad boy big props and five stars. They put their sweat and brains into this app. Thanks
Messaging Plus I so so loooove this way of communicating... Emojis are fun and a fantastic way to say things with symbols and faces especially my personality type. ... The smooth transition from start to finished is really good so far. Thanks Team... Teamwork makes the Dreamwork.... Keep it coming
Best Texting App The first thing I loved about this app was the facetime button in any of the messages.  I especially love the EMOJIS and sounds you can send as well though.
Sends pictures my S5 native messenger would not.  Spent hours on tech support with Samsung and carrier.  This app loaded no problem Works
Love it But sometimes my messages don't come through I have to go to my old one messenger just to get it to download
Seems to work well Just got this but so far so good.  Way way way better than the native messenger service.
FUN I love messenger plus I love the emojis I love the stickers The only thing that I'm on the fence about is the wallpaper option...Other than my gallery pics, the option is slim..Again..I'm a fan for sure
