Wow. This is the best app I ever download on my phone, I already recommend it to my family's and I'll definitely recommend it to you guys as well, thanks to the creaters and developers of this app I were able to get all the  info I needed about a bruise I got on my chest.
The Gold Standard A gold standard very through and comprehensive.  No majorminor flaws that I have found. Wish they had 6 so I could justifiably rate higher.... updated.   Sure would like a non ad version, current ads are annoying.
Great app to have Just downloaded it for a few questions found out i use it more tha. I thought very infomative and resourceful
My In Home Doctor If you need medical input and answers, this is the app for you THE goto source for medical questions, symptoms check ups, advice, drug interactions, and so much else too numerous to mention. Not to be substituted for serious issues, but for a quick and easy determination for anything medical, this is the best thing short of having a doctor on call.
Wonderful and accurate I often have a new diagnosis every few months because I have a lot of medical problems and when I have to wait weeks for the doctor to check me out, it gives me a little bit of peace to have some sort of idea of what I have. And I know docs hate WebMD but if you know how to use it right and you remember that they are possible conditions, and that you don't actually have them until you're diagnosed, then webMD can be very useful and helpful.
Web. MD Phone I find it very helpful Lots of information What to do, when to see your doctor, questions to ask your doctor, food's to eat and stay away from You need to use your own judgment, some times you may be dealing with more than one illness at a time,  food's  exercise, your regular physician would be best to keep in touch with I give it 5 stars Easy to use  read  comprehend THANK YOU WebMD  Kimberly Colvin
Love it One thing that may help is including more pictures of different things. Like boils, different rashes, bumps, things like that.
This app is fantastic. They did a great job on designing it as to help prevent people from thinking they somehow have a strange and rare disease.
Love the update First aid info, drug info, medical glossary Awesome Only thing I noticed some of the generic names of medications show photos for the brand name version, ie. sertraline show images for Zoloft. Yes, Zoloft is sertraline, but the pills look totally different. This could be problematic and potentially dangerous. Not that I recommend getting drug ID advice from an app, but you know how people are.... Otherwise, the update is awesome.
I just got this app but I love it soo much already. I have Generalized Anxiety Disorder and constantly fear I have something seriously wrong or am ill. This app made me feel better because I put in symptoms and popped up anxiety as 1 result. Also has a lot of great information 
So Valuable In a pinch...find a doctor, a pharmacy, check symptoms and locate hospitals with a few clicks and get directions to ease your stress.
Pregnancy bleeding Not miscarriage all the time 2030 00 of women do this dure 1st trimester no pain occurred
An amazing way to annoy my physician Now I don't even need to listen to my doctor's professional opinion I just walk in, tell them what the internet said, and demand a second opinion when he tells me I don't have brain cancer and it's only a head cold. A real life saver
Best place for questions Always see your Medical Provider. But for any medical questions you may have about your children, spouse, yourself, medications, etc...This is the most thorough  trusted site I've ever come across in years. I also trust the Mayo Clinic. That should give you an idea how trusted and complete this site is. It also has a Symptom Checker. So those of us that may jump to conclusions, and think the worst, go here firstand Call  make an appointment with your Doctor.
Great app Very informative for a quick reference to various medical related subjects. Especially like the prescription information. When I was unsuccessful finding my prescription on another app, I tried Web Med and immediately found the information.
Incredible app In fact, this app provide so useful many information and easy to  find it. Thanks so much developer. I recommend everyone to use it when u want to know about your health condition. 5 star  
