Perfect Good app for me. I do notice that I have an issue do g the multiple stamp feature. I'm probably doing it wrong though. Haha
5 stars. Easy to use 5 stars. Easy to use. Intuitive. Gets up and running quickly. Does exactly what I want
Great one I am photographer and regular Instagram user. I wanted quick watermarks for my Photographs and  was looking for something that doesn't reduce the image quality. This one was certainly the best I could get.
Love it love it love it I used this app to protect my artwork and crafts..... best thing ever
Fantastic app Easy to use when uploading ur logo. Love the rotate dial Great. Thank u
Flip Post and Fly Love it I manage a number of social media accounts as well as run an online marketing and promotion company. I have been looking for a solution like this for years. Next update I hope allows us to watermark AND add text as well.
Great App Haven't had an issue yet Does exactly what I need it to do for my spray tan business
Paid Version Absolutly brilliant, I can watermark a batch of photos and have the watermark in the same place on all of them.
EXCELLENT WORKS AND STOPS COPYWRITE THIEVES WHICH INCLUDES FACEBOOK AND GOOGLE WHO THINK THEY HAVE THE RIGHT TO DO WHAT THEY WANT WITH PEOPLE'S PHOTOS IF YOUR OBTUSE ENOUGH TO HAVE ANYTHING TO DO WITH THEM
Perfect Great app with exact controls that make for consistently perfectly watermarked pictures. And the support here is second to none. Tremendous support for a great user experience. Thank you so much for everything
Excellent Use this all the time for shots taken on my S5 and when I can't get access to Lightroom. Any chance of some more fonts Please
Works flawless, must have. Smart app, really well done. Maybe a more modern graphic overhaul in material design it will become amazing.
Dope app Still figuring it out but really enjoying the app so far.
It's great I do a lot of photo work and posting on social media. I use it on my photos all the time. I love it
Works perfectly... ... every time. Does exactly what it says and what I need it to.
Love this apps Really2 cakep bgt nih produk Must use it..
Works Use .PNG file with transparency for graphics watermarks for best result.
Watermarking made easy Very user friendly, love this app.
