Thanks for the update Dean The search feature now works perfectly I can enter a word and it will take me right to the word and page. Perfect This is very helpful when I'm working with a sponsee and he has a question or issue, or when I'm searching for a specific topic for a meeting. The rest of the app is great, but the search feature is what I use most. Now this app is definitely of maximum service to God and others Thanks Dean...God bless
So helpful I am very grateful to have this resource on my phone. But, the description said it transfers to my SD card. It does not. And not all of the personal stories are included, especially Acceptance is the Answer, so often quoted. Still, wonderful to have so much of the Big Book to read anywhere. And the prayers. Happy.
Great Please add a way to highlight and underline. As well as the 12 concepts. Other then that its all here.
Great app It's perfect for quick access to the big book and a cool sobriety counter to boot
Love this This a great app. I love having the big book with me at all times. Thank you so much.. 
Thank you Great app.. I love tracking my sobriety date and the ease of having the prayers indexed.
This has been on my phone for years 032309.  Keeping the big book with me always is wonderful.  The app has never presented a problem on iOS nor Android when I switched.  I tell all my new friends to make the investment
worth the few bucks love the go to page function. now would like to see you do the 12x12
This is a great app,  but I can't get it on my tablet.
Even better Love the updates and menu buttons. Works great on my S5
It will take my money but it won't download. Metro refuses to help me.
I can't get it to place the app on the app list. I have to go to the play page. Please fix this. Easily gives you sobriety information, quickly.
It works if you use it Need more apps like this
Should have access to page 417 andor 449.
Needs to have book mark option. To save the page you are on.
Wonderful update Thank you for reenabling the search function for my Galaxy S5  Great job
Great. Thank you. I purchased this for my iPhone a few years back. I really like the type face on the iPhone better. It's just easier to read.
Great tool. Worth every cent Easy to access and use.
I've Had This App for 5 Years I've had this app throughout my entire sobriety. I've shown it to newcomers and they are impressed. Along with the calculator, I really use the prayers. A lot. Thank you for a great product.
Page 112 Read this book
A Life Saver... ...Literally
Great asset For me
Would like to be able to underline or highlight
Handy app
Great app
