Very useful My friends and I use it constantly to split up grocery payments, drinks, utilities and other related expenses. I credibly handy.
So useful My roommates and I all use this for utilities and whatever expenses come up. It's so much more handy than dealing with cash or bank transfers through clunky websites. Great job Venmo crew.
Makes life simple When banks are closed and ppls don't have Chase, This is my.new Best Friend.
Great app Me and my friends use it all the time to split the bills when we go out drinking and eating...also use it with my roomates for the rent and utilities
Friends and family It's so useful to pay dinner checks, rent money, bills, anything pretty much. Just takes a couple of days to set up with your bank but its absolutely wonderful and quick.
Great idea Everyone needs this app. Makes exchanging money for rent, bills, etc so incredibly easy.
Simply amazing I have gotten 15 of my friends to use this app too and they all love it. A musthave in this technologyrich age.
Easy as can be Venmo works great and gets to the recipient in a business day. If you don't transfer outrageous amounts of money it's completely free to use. How this works I have no idea but it works great for me.
I love the idea of transferring funds to family and friends even though we maybe miles apart.
Venmo saves friendships Such an easy and convenient way to transport money to people. I use it all the time
Easy Way to Transfer Money This app is great to use for paying friends for cab rides, or lots of quick payments. Easy to use
Depend on it I pay my rent and bills through venmo. Have come to completely depend on it. What's a cheque
Intuitive  Easy Love it. Works great on my phone and computer.
Simple and useful Once all your people are on the service, it's great Some people don't like giving bank info, but they get over it because it's so easy to use 
Paypal It's paypal, which makes sense because is owned by them. Fast and easy
Best lifesaver ever If this were to ever go away i would die. I love you venmo. Never change Boy that sounded like a hogh school yearbook comment. KIT
Workin for meh So this app makes my life a little easier.
The best Love how convenient this makes exchanging money between friends. No excuses anymore
Makes making payments very easy.  Has been incredibly helpful solving problems
