Love it Easy to use and figure out. Haven't had a problem with scanning bar codes either. I wish it would give more nutritional information instead of just counting calories but works for what I need.
LoseIt LOVE IT This app helps you stay on track in your effort to maintain healthy weight and better food choices Over 50 pounds lost and still drooping
Major reason why I lost 39 pounds  Maybe it's a guy thing but the chart helps kept me motivated and interested  and disaplined. This combined with a great food track app was all I needed.  Thanks and  Hats off
Easy to use This app is simple to use, intuitive and allows you to add foods not listed. There's a calculator for calories or nutrients protein, fat, carb so you can tailor and restructure your eating habits by looking at your worst foods.
Love it I use this app every day. It has seriously helped me eat healthier and take care of my body better Seeing how much and what you eat can be a wake up call I would love to get premium but I wish it was a one time payment rather then monthly payments. Some more features from premium into regular would be awesome but still awesome as it is
Incredible It is obvious much care was given to get this app just right. The volume of foods in the search feature is great.
Great tool to keep you honest I think Loseit is fantastic. Its a great way to keep track of what you are eating and where you are going off track. Easy to use and it is actually fun to track your progress.
It keeps me accountable for my weight loss while giving me full control of what I eat.  Have never counted calories before but this app makes it fun and very easy   Love to look up foods when eating out to check out calories before ordering.  That helps me keep on track.   Great tools and ideas to help with good choices and exercise.  Love being able to add friends to support each others progress.
Useful and cool Started using it to see just what came up, and found a bunch of hidden sugar in my diet. So, super useful app for tracking food, nutrients, exercise, etc. Love the averages and colorful graphs and ideas and whatnot. Just wish there were some more restaurants listed sometimes.
Best program by far I love this app  Keeps me motivated and I can see results. Perfect for weight loss and control. Highly recommended. Try it out.
Losing and loving it Great app  The upgrade is totally worth it for the trends.   Slight difficulty with recipe builder but still works great.   Love it  Food data base is HUGE.   Great customer service too, regarding my update.  So quick and easy to use.... much easier that WW.
Awesome Simple to operate. The program makes it near impossible to not be successful, if you just use it. Been using it for 4 months at this point and it has been part of my daily routine. Weigh in, log foods, log exercise, don't go over budget and weightloss ensues.
Love it. I've been using it for a couple of years now. Easy, intuitive and love the reminders ... Especially the reminder to weigh myself.
Good tool If you're serious about weight loss, it's great. Using it daily made me realize which things I needed to curb back on, better portion controlling, and what things matched well together for better carbproteinfat ratios. Highly recommend.
All fixed...great Thank you, to LoseIt customer support, for fixing the Custom Recipe calorie posting feature. I was lost without it for the two to three days it was down. I feel LoseIt is the best app for managing health, diet and exercise. Syncs seamlessly with Fitbit Surge...fantastic app, helped me to lose 40 lbs. Definitely a 5 star rating
Really works Tracking everything is the best motivation I've ever had to stop putting large quantities of terrible food into my body. Plus recording my weight everyday made me stay on track with my food intake so that I wouldn't disappoint myself the next time I got on the scale.
Great app Great app Easy to use and a tremendous help in staying focused on my goal
Awesome I can keep track of my calories now Also i  can know if i need to lose more calories and how much weight i have lost and how much i ate.
Have had it for years Works like a charm. Has helped tremendously with my weight loss.
Great Nutrition Tracker Easy and fun way to keep track of everything you eat. Down 21 pounds with this app.  Thanks  
