Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Awesome
Awesome   Works great on my Nexus 6
Simply the best lottery app Another tool in my lottery tool chest, that's easy to use, customizable and it covers all the games. The recent update has made this awesome app even greater.
Best app for the money.  Definitely worth the price. Just buy it, you won't be disappointed.
Lottery Excellent application Just need some kind of notification for results Then worth 10 stars
Impressive A It is a APP that I use to stay informed. I would like to see them link the actual lottery drawings links to this app. Then this app will be untouchable by any other lottery app. Lottery Numbers Super store persay.
SMN910A 5.1.1 Works great, Thank
High Roller This app really works well and does not snoop your phone.
Winner I won the Powerball and Mega Millions
Great A great resource for me as I travel for a living and buy tickets everywhere. Thank you 
Lotto Results Premium Love it......
Great Use it all the time
Great app... Best lottery app found in Play Store. 
Intuitive and useful I love apps like this. I bought it to watch powerball and mega millions. One click, and both pop up on the screen. One more click, and the app is closed. Quick and convenient.
Quick and easy.  No ads.  Thanks for this great app.  One suggestion, perhaps you could create a lottery ticket barcode scanner, now that would be awesome
Very Good App Very nice user interface, and reasonably quick results.
does what it's supposed to.
EVEN BETTER SINCE IMPROVEMENTS  good job AWESOME
Best app App works great.
Stormy Excellent 
Yesssssssss
Powerball Coming to California  Update
Works every time. As long as I can connect to my network, it shows the latest numbers. I can also back track tickets I found laying around that I forgot to check. This app  works, its easy and fast. I recommend.
Excellent Great app, never let me down.
Great app Works like a charm
Does what it's supposed to. Small and very clean app.  No silly permissions included.
Irieman This is the best app for checking your lottery, it does everything and it's accurate to the T. A complete lottery app, it's all you need. A big thanks to the Developers... God bless.
Bunk I like this app, works well.... No muss, no fuss 
Great little app Very handy and up to date.
No wow factor but good Does what it says, nothing more
