Superb A MUST have I don't know how I got by without this...all praise be to Allah swt. Mashallah, this is a great app...you have served us fellow Muslim's well..may Allah swt reward you in dunya and alalkhira. Ameen
Very good and very usefull for daily life. Beautiful interface and easy to nevigate throughout the app. The reciations are also amazing. However, the arabic scripts are unsettled. Harkat is missing for some letters and overlapped between letters. For some cases transliteration and the arabic scripts are easy to get confused. Otherwise it is a very good app out in the market. Jazakallah. May Allah give you the best reward both in this world and hereafter.
Finally This app is the only app I have ever paid money for. Definitely worth it. Beautiful design, seamless navigation. Can't recommend enough.
SubhanAllaah SubhanAllaah, the bestest app ever. This is the only app that I have brought till now. SubhanAllaah. May Allaah bless the developers of this app. A very very good contribution. I would do injustice to my words in describing the app
Organized and comprehensive I love the way they organized the duas, so logical and pictorial sound,  masha'Allah.  It includes transliteration and an audio complimenting the sound.
Amazing Mashallah this is an amazing app I was just wondering however if it's feasible to add whatsapp sharing into it
Fantastic all round app Great UI, thorough content, lots of convenience options. Truly brilliant app and a must for any believer.
Jazakallah After i bought the booklet, I was searching for the digital edition for a very long time... Masha Allah, what a fine app after iquran. Baarakkallah feek.
Best dua app on Android Alhamdullilah our patience has paid off. Was waiting eagerly for this to release on Android. Inshallah all the other ihsaan fusion apps are released on Android D
Well worth A must for every Muslim. Such well made. May Allah forgive us all and keep us on the right path
Best app for prayers Easy to navigate, read and listen to duas. They are well organized for us.
Very good app alhamdulilah Has every dua you need mashallah, excellent app, can I please urge you to add swiping left and right to flick through duaa's continuously, and to be able to listen to the duaas in your favourites continuously.  Jazakallah khair
A MUSTHAVE Excellent app MashaAllah. Smooth, seamless, easytouse interface. Very useful for anyone trying to memorize various duas, or just want a quick source to reference.
Good app Some ERRORS  after completing prayer dua surah Alfalaq and Alnas on my screen  got meen shara  instead of meen Share but when copied to text its correct.  Over all AMAZING APP JazakAllah khair.
Beautiful App JazakAllah let Allah reward you whenever anyone uses this app
Top Notch This app is amazing. However I found a glitch that the audio of the dua for Ramadan in Laylatul Qadr isn't there  maybe it's not included in the app
Brilliant app I used to have this on my iPhone and now on my android as well.
AlhamdLillah AlhamdLillah may Allah bless you and all of us Ameen. And may Allah grant us janatul firdaous Ameen
SubhanAllaah What an excellent app a must have for every muslim. Thank you.
Great app You can also hear the duaa recited.
S3 Excellent App Masha Allah excellent app and working well in S3. I struggled to get this app due to Wallet restrictions but worth it. I ask Allah to reward the entire team with highest ranks in Jannah.
Jazak Allah khair May Allah reward you...Ameen. Looking forward for more Islamic apps.
Asim I don't normally buy apps but when i bought this app i was really impressed looks like developer has put lots off effort to build this app it has very good user interface hopefully he would have consult a good Islamic schooler to get rid off errors on Arabic texts as many users like me don't know the texts error i hope this developer will continue his good work and develop more religious app like this in future
