Newbie I just started using this site as of last week but I'm satisfied as of right now. It's really helpful especially when you're not familiar with the area.
Use Zillow We plan a move to AZ in the future, and it's nice to take a look at what's out there. I wish more people posted rental properties in WI. as they seem to in AZ.
Love it Great app, nice to get alers as soon as new rentals become available in my Area. So far it is the easiest of all apps to use. I dont use any other.
Love zillow Easy to use,  makes researching apartments easy And fun  Provides photos, maps of the apartment locations, contact info etc.
Works I've moved three times in the last year. Zillow has been the best I can find for what I need.
The Best Gives me an idea what's out there. And how much is the rents. I like this service.
Makes house hunting easy Thanks to zillow, I can browse for a home without difficulty.  I can look in any area and the app let's me filter the options in any easy I need to.   The pictures are helpful and I can get all info I need to contact the owner as well.
Accurate Zillow rentals has been exceptionally accurate and uptodate. The multiple pictures are very helpful.
AWESOME Ill be moving soon and this app is simple for finding places without writing anything down. Im skeptical about the zestimate that says the rent is higher than advertised.
The Right Place This is a very good app to find your future home
Works Great site but doesn't send me updates of new rentals
Happy Found my condo the very first day I signed up.
Made my day This is a very good app I will use it the next time I am searching for a place only thing I hope they fix maybe they can make the locations a little easier to place in the maps outside of that this is the best out of all I've looked at great job Zillow
Zillow rentals If you're looking for a house or apartment this is the app for you it also includes info on rent and amenities.
Love this app Makes our search for a new home efficient, fun, and easy
Very informative, Lots of types of housing. BUY, Rent, etc.
This site is very easy to use. I use it several times a week.
Nice app, lots of choices that fit my criteria
Perfect Best app that uses both mapping and detailed descriptions.
Thanks to Zillow Great, I found a nice duplex hime fir my family and I. Little small compared to my normal 3 bedroom home, but helps me save money with a cheaper rent.
