Love at first sight I have had this app for a very long time and I have never had an issue with it It's user friendly, easy to navigate, no crashes and always keeps me up to date on what I love most Kohls is already a great store, and has great deals but because of the easy to use app and the specials offered through it, I know I can count on Kohls to have what I need and that it is affordable
User Friendly Love this app. It's user friendly. I love it that I can stored my coupons, rewards, and Kohl's cash without having to worry I may displaced the hard copy. Even better, I love the concept even more that I can just go to Wallet, and from there I can easily navigate and pull up all the above items mentioned earlier.
Love Kohl's app Easy to navigate Love being able to save all my coupons and kohl's cash in the wallet. Very convenient being able to have them scan them from my phone at checkout
Very handy Easy to use, reliable, and convenient to manage all Kohl's cash, promo codes, and discounts.
Christmas shopping madness Saved a bunch of money so much easier then going into store.
Easy and simple Pretty convenient and way more awesome if you have a charge card. It's great that everything is linked together.
Great way to shop Love getting what I want so easily.  Ship to home is convenient as well as ship to home.  Never had a problem with any orders yet.
Kohl's app great I use this app a lot if I am shopping in the store or shopping online.   It helps me keep track of Kohl's cash, rewards points, and coupons.
Kohls Tocks Ease of adding coupons and using them in store And u can shop from app, YES PLEASE
Best Values at Kohl's Always pleased with my purchases  Prices can't be beat and shipping is usually lightning fast
Best store ever With best app ever Kohl's has the most was to save you money to get the shirt purse or shoes you've been dying for Thanks Kohl's Fancustomer for life
Love it I just started using the app and I love it. It is easy to use and have not had any problem with it and I love how I can access my Kohl's cash from the app.
Love the store  Love the app This app makes my life so much easier. .. I can easily shop from my bed at night, use my couponsdiscounts and have it delivered
Better  better Love the WALLET  TOO many amazing features to list them all
My store I love shopping at Kohl's it has all you need for your home.
Love kohls I love kohls and i love this app because in stead of geting up and leaveing my house i can lay down watch tv and injoy my online shoping and it just sends it to you
Always has what I'm looking for at great prices but there's always a coupon to make it more affordable.  Stacking coupons on top of coupons is awesome and makes a great savings.  I love their kohls cash..the more I spend the more kohls cash I get... Which makes my next shopping experience cheaper..i love savings and kohls knows all about how to help me do that 
Love Kohls Kohls always has the best deals, love to shop there and this app makes it very convenient.
Amazing I love the deals and all the high end stuff they sell  Kohls cash is amazing
Kohls Kohls is simply the best.  In the store and online.  My Christmas shopping is done.  You rock Kohls
Favorite place to shop Customer service and satisfaction keeps me coming back.
Loved the app Super easy to navigate.. cool features and very responsive.. way to go Kohls
Love Kohls Love Kohls and this app Most user friendly I have ever used. Happy Shopper
Love this app. Never had an issue with my orders, shipment is so fast
Great store I like it when there's clareance. The coupons are good. I also like and appreciate the fact that we can earn reward points.
