Love progreasive,I've been with them for a long time and they have always been good to me.i went years with no accidents and it seems like it's something.everytime I turn around now.i really hate that there's been several claims lately but that's what having insurance is all about.i can't amagine having what's happened lately,happening without insurance,I would be up to debt so far,I'd never pay it off.Thanks fir being such a good company. CHRISTIE
I love this app It's fast and efficient. Even when my internet slows to 2g, the app works seamlessly. Love it
Michael Mekanda After having a policy with 428.68 with L.M, I shopped around and found the only place fair on price and secure was and will always be Progressive. My Premium has been cute in half with even a balance remains on my hand. If you don't choose progressive for better coverage with a fair premium,  then you not ready to save on a better Car insurance coverage.
Fabulous There's so many things you can do, with a few clicks
Easy. There is not another app that's easier to pay my bill on.
I LOVE FLO Great insurance, great app
Grate Super awesome
Just love it
I love it
I love it Works great
Pros of Pros Exceptional
Love it Great app
Car
I get to see what I need  to know  with out calling customer  service,  nice
Love it This is the best insurance company. They are quick and efficient Would recommend x10
Easy, Friendly UI Very simple to use easy to access all your Account info.. Love it
Amazing Can do anything I need to so easy and fast lol no more waiting on hold or trying to find my bill and it even saves my card so I can make a payment of any amount at any time
Everything u need Just got insured through them. Best price around and more offered in coverage and perks.app is great . Pay ur bill get ur insurance ID  card . Everything u need for ur insurance needs.call a agent and see for yourself . I recommend the insurance and the app
Chilly Been with Progressive for 6 years and best insurance company ever had for auto and renters insurance.. Awesome Customer Service... Quick and efficient
Progessive is great Love my insurance. Great price
