Great app still always  very accurate Better prices on some expensive meds than my health insurance.   Found generic Adderall for 75.  It's almost double that using my cappy insurance.
Pill Man Good prices, and you may have to go to more than one pharmacy to get the best price.  However, the prices some of the pharmacies charge makes it worth the drive to get a lower price.  Without Good Rx pharmacy prices are even higher.   So it does pay to shop and print coupons.
Please do yourself a Favor. .. Use this app it's simple to use and you can store all your medicines, or the medicines of loved ones on the app that might have a hard time remembering what meds they're supposed to take. This app is providing a great service to those of us that need to use medicines in our lives. I really appreciate being able to save the lot of money for my meds.Thank You
Saves a lot If your medications are generic brands you can save a lot of money New drugs... not so much but still a few dollars off eventually adds up Easy to use..no requests for phone numbers, email etc. No login so no passwords . I despise sites that hook you with all the  info and then get hundreds of emails from their profiling me. mm fayetteville,nc
Love it I use it almost daily and its right on the price it tells me is what I pay. I have told people about this app sitting in my Dr office waiting area they are complaining about how expensive their medicine is so I told them about good rx they down loaded the app right then and could not believe how much money they were about to save.
I love  GoodRx Great app to make sure that you don't get scammed by the insurance company and the Obamacare hoax.
I was so thankful to find this app  Not only does it save you a lot of money on your scripts, but gives you helpful information about each product. I have also used the info on my REALLY expensive meds by using their manufacturer discounts and foundations that will pay for your meds if you don't have insurance coverage and meet income guidelines. This has helped me on a couple of meds that cost 500 to 1300 per month.
Keep on top of changing prices This app has saved me SO much time and money Very highly recommended.   Takes the stress and guesswork out of price shopping.  The coupons provided have even gotten my cost below my insurance's copay.
What a BLESSING One of our employees had just been discharged from the hospital with 400 worth of prescriptions to fill after their prescription card discount. I literally spent no more than 8 minutes online looking up and printing out the coupons for 4 scripts and that was my first time. She spent a total of 167 and this allowed her to fill all of them as she needed. It was that SIMPLE. Since, I have used for my family and what A BLESSING Thank You
Good rx  prices I spend less time calling around to see if they have what I need and the cost. This just took all the headache of finding my medicine at a cheaper price.
Loved It Without insurance, drug prices vary too much in US. It shows price from different pharmacy and provides coupons for saving. This app helped me saving around 400 till now.
The Best I heard about Good Rx on the news and I thought at first it wouldn't save me any money.  I was so surprised when I went to the pharmacy and figured the savings almost 75 percent of what I had been paying.  Recently we received some cards from Good Rx to distribute to staff and patients where I work and I encourage everyone to participate.   Sometimes the pharmacy price is slightly different or it goes up, so occasionally have them recheck coupon pricing.
Amazing This app has saved my boyfriend and me ridiculous amounts of money If you don't have prescription drug coverage, this app is an absolute must have
Great App Seriously would be lost at the pharmacy without this My main dr isn't covered by my insurance. ..this app picks up the slack
It's about time there's an app like this It's so wonderful to actually have help finding the cheapest prices on prescription medications
AWESOME There is nothing more to say. I'm currently transitioning between insurances so i had to pay cash for my medication. Thanks to this app my medication went from TWO HUNDRED FIFTYSEVEN DOLLARS to 54 dollars. Enough said. Thank you very much.
Saved me serious cash First time I used it today and I saved over 60 on a prescription. Love it
Will save you  I use this app weekly I save so much money. I choose which pharmacy to take my script to  that's where I go, show the pharmacy my phone  in a matter of minutes I'm finished. What a great way to save  vs my insurance
Brilliant App It's like GasBuddy, but for you Rx needs. I have only used it once, but it saved my 95 dollars.
Opened my eyes Easy to use.  Made it easy to see how different prices can be.  Saved 70 on 2 scripts  today
The first app I've used that actually benifited me in any way. If you get just one Rx from a MD you have to be crazy not to use.  I litterely save over a hundred dollars a month using it at the cheapest pharmacy near me Substantial  savings hard to believe
Easy and works Perfect for right now when I don't have medical for a few months. I'm getting my expensive prescription for a third of what I'd pay otherwise.
Used goodrx at walgreens in WA STATE and I saved 50 bucks on my prescription.  Worked like a charm.  Will use forever
An app you need In my experience, this app and a flashlight app are ones every person should have on their phone. This has helped me not only save on medication, but show the pharmacy exactly what I need and in what doses.
Ron Hilliard Almost beyond belief  One of my  medications was vascillating between 200 and 600 a month. This application got it down to 117 a month. That's just one medication
Best app ever I work in a pharmacy, and I tell all my customers about this app. I would never use anything diffferent
Effective app Usually use GoodRx on my computer, but when I was out and about found everything I needed on the app  best price local to my location, and comparison between name and generic brands. Couldn't be happier with a phone app.
Thank you Good RX... If not for this discount card the best by the way. Don't know what I would have done. I am diabetic and this is a blessing. . Thanks again  Good Rx. You are what your name states
Abby I've been using this application and already been saving money. Very easy to use.
Saved a fortune My dr showed me this, Worked as he described, typed in location, meds, showed the pharmacy my phone, they took it said ok, entered the info into their system. I paid 40 for a 280 scrip. Thanks 
Wonderful I dont have insurance and I saved 30.00 on 1 prescription Totally wonderful app Do yourself a favor and use this app
I LOVE THIS APP A prescription that usually costs  75 is now  21 and I save 35 on another.  Walmart is picking and choosing when to accept it saying that the app is causing them to lose money.
Fantastic app Saved a ton of money on my meds Really does what it says
Perfect I use it at work for my patients that either don't have insurance or their insurance cost is too high. Thank you for helping me help them
Truly life saving. If everyone knew how to use it correctly I work at a pharmacy and people just point at the screen and just wail at me that this is the advertised price  then I have to go through my own presentation about how my pharmacy is not affiliated with this program and then I process the card. I use this application for my own medication refill reminders.
Awesome Saved me over 50 off my script at Walgreen's
