Worked for me It works perfectly no doubt anyone can follow their introduction and I tell u will get pregnant as soon as possible thank you but I messed up everything myself and I hope one day God will forgive me in Jesus name Amen
This worked I just feel like I need to rate this app. I have used this app to track my ovulation. I believe this app was responsible for accurately tracking my ovulation AND making it possible for my husband and I to conceive 5 times EVERY SINGLE OVULATION I got pregnant.
My halloween baby girl 2014 I conceived the first month i used this app along with clomid i have pcos testing ovulation checking cervical mucus.  I am using it again this time.
It works I just found out I'm pregnant after using this app  on the first try which I thought would be impossible
Loved it Been trying for a baby for months but used this app and it worked I am now four weeks pregnant with my first born.
Is it true Hi my name is Kira this will be my first time using this app hope for the best I pray that I conceive this month
Just pick up cassettes Love in 4 Stages It's got the move,keep'n you in the grove.
Hope this help me I have pcos and i have been trying for 3 yrs hope for good news soon
Love it My husband and I have been trying for 5 months and I downloaded this app and on the first time using itbwe got pregnant I am happy to say our daughter will be three months old in a week  and we couldn't be happier that we have her she is a joy so thanks because last year this time we we're distraught trying to conceive and then end of last November took a test nd now thus year we will be celebrating Thanksgiving with our bundle of joy in our arms
Works great Been trying to concieve for six months. Used this app an prego on first try
It works My husband and I have been trying for a baby, I downloaded this app in December after I miss my period in November.  I saw my period in December,  but not in January I still didn't believe I was pregnant until I started having pregnancy symptoms.  I finally decided to take a pregnancy test , it says positive.  So I hard my first OBGYN appointment on Wednesday , and guess what am now 10 weeks pregnant.  Those off u out there who is trying please don't give up as yet. First time Mom me.
Will try it hopefully it works Oliva and get baby did not work 
IMPRESSIVE This app is excellent for anyone looking to have a child. It gives more than enough details. Download, now.
PREGNANT ON THE FIRST TRY My husband and I decided starting 2015 we are going to start trying for a baby.  I have PCOS and so I downloaded this app to see when I'd be most fertile.    IM 5 WEEKS PREGNANT
Excellent By Allahs grace and with the help of this app am four weeks gone
Excellent I should of used this along time ago and maybe I wouldn't be having seven kids
Love it Yes fertile date to get pregnant. Trust it works. I'm lookin at the proof in front of me. She's gorgeous too. Good luck.
This work and help us alot Thank you very much im now 6 weeks pregnant
We got pregnant I got pregnant after just two months follow the apps directions it will not steer you wrong Im due in sept good luck ladies
The best  This app was soo helpful i only used it once and within the next month i was pregnant and i've been trying for 2 years Im so happy, best of luck to anyone who is trying to have a baby, use this app its really great.
Pregnant I loaded this at the beginning of the month and found out I was pregnant a week ago So excited
2 months I have used the app for 2 months and now im pregnant...dont know if the app helped but I give it 5 stars
How i wish to get me pregnant.. hope this app was helpful
Yahtzee I am 6 weeks pregnant with my first child ....all thanks to the aid of this app Lol..unbelievable 
Baby maker Best days to conceive and make xreams come true
