Great tool. Wish there wasn't a limit on how many characters can be typed. Not a fan of the chat feature. As a teacher I prefer the one way communication method.
I'm easily  quickly able to communicate with both of my children's teachers Great concept and design..no crashing or any problems here..keep up the great work
Great What an awesome and simple way to communicate with parents and students. No complaints
This app is incredible. I would not have been able to fathom contact like this with my teachers when I was a student. This app is very user friendly and in line with modern student communications. It had gone me a way to connect with kids and provide help in unique ways.
White screen I just started this app to use with my daughter's archery team. After I added the group for her teacher, all I have is a blank white screen with nothing else Help please  Update the problem was fixed Thank you
Excellent app that aides in extending the classroom  enhancing communication with students  parents.
White screen FIXED Works great Thanks to the developer for the quick response. Great app
Thanks As a building principal, the tool is great for communicating quickly and easily with staff. Thanks to the developer and maintainers of the program
Yay I updated it and I'm finally able to use the app with out that white screenGreat app Thanks
Works great I use this to send messages out about cub scout meetings. What a time saver
Great teacher tool
It's nice
Awesome tool
Great app Great app for teachers. Not a fan of the chat feature
Cynthia Lepard Parent
Thanks for fixing it Great example of how developers should be with their customers....person to person.
Updated fixed problems Thanks for fixing the bugs.. Now everything is working as it should         Very good app to have if you have children in school
Thanks for the quick fix Ok, now Im getting somewhere Thanks for fixing and fixing it quick. This is a great app esp to keep in touch wmy childs K1 teacher. Im soooo glad you guys created this. Great app if you're a concerned parent, like me
GREAT Developers responded to my review by fixing their app after it was only showing a white screen. No more problems
It works now Thank you so much for fixing it
Thanks It works now.
It is good for school they upgraded it and it good for my school
Problem resolved Initially the app wouldn't work with my Moto X. Thanks for resolving the issue.
Thank you
Great App Great app works like its supposed to
Great way to remember homework Always gives and reminds about homework and other stuff and lets u ask questions from the teacher, but let do that with a student.
HTC one I used this app when my child was in daycare and now his first grade teacher is using it. I really like it. We also use other apps for the school with grades and assignments. Power school
