Great, need more features  im support it
Simple and effective  invaluable Setting up custom notifications has changed how I use my phone and can tell at a glance if I need to actually look at the phone itself, which is invaluable for me in meetings  Simple and brilliant.
Excellent
The Best Please add a feature.. I love this App so muchh it almost perfect.. but please add anti theft alarm for Mi Band  Make the phone ring at max volume use Alarm Volume, don't use Media volume when the Bluetooth disconnected with Mi Band on condition that Bluetooth is ON.. i know it would be too late to ring the device about 35 seconds delay after disconnected, but it's better than do nothing hehehehe, THANKS
Very good.
Notifications You can create notifications and many customization options, most useful thing for me is using different color for different notifications so I can tell right away. One thing I do note is that the shake to dismiss option doesn't turn off the alarm when it's buzzing.
Loved it My first paid app and it rocks One question though, for idle alarm to work does band have to connected to app all the time
Perfect Where does it stop The application is awesome and the developer just keeps adding more awesome features. Now widgets  This is ridiculous  Thank you so much for the work you put into making that MiBand gadget always more useful.
Works perfectly Tried the free apps which were crap or just didn't work. 1 quid well worth it. Good job.
Works perfectly After the last firmware update to the band, this is the only app that can make the band vibrate... I bought the app and its perfect It has a lot of options to choose from, and everything just works... Tottaly worth the money D I just hope if I have any problem, the dev will help me 
The Best App for the Mi Band This is app really gives you a lot of unavailable features from the official Mi Fit app. This app is chock full of customizability until it actually turned a boring fitness tracker into a colorful notifier I recommend this app to every Mi Band user out there
Best Mi Band app that I have found. Getting better all the time Thank you for your dedication and promptness with fixesupdates.
Excellent The best full customizable app for mi band
Thanks for this excellent app...The app does what it says...It was my first paid app and i love it. Just i want to ask, is the vibration intensity controllable 
Simply the best Like sayef Tina Turner simply the best, better than all the rest
Perfect app. No early Bird function.
Works great As soon as I got my MI band I went ahead and bought this app based on the recommendations. Does not disappoint. Tons of features and pretty deep customization once you get the hang of it.
Great Much needed addition to the official app.
Very good Update. Wish I didn't have to input data again after update. Can't we save to a bu folder on phone like the new notification links to contact groups. Very practical. It took me a while to get my head round all the different settings, but now I have done, I can say I'm pleased with the versatility and reliability of this app. I also think the designer earns an extra star for his willingness to engage with app users to explain details, and to take up suggestions. Might even subscribe.
the real power of Mi Band giving you access to all features you're missing from the official app
Loved it This app deserves     . But one more thing, the first time I installed the app I needed to reboot because the icon won't show up. All in all, keep it up
Wow This is by far the greatest app for the Mi Band. It can use the Mi Band to the maximum potential.
Top notch. Really high quality app
Lovely app Great companion to the miband
Mi band now even better A great little app Only one snag  limitation, the enterprise mail and calendar app I use does not produce ticker text which means the notification content filtering does not work. Would be great if the app can be enhanced in the future to be able to filter on actual content of notifications.
Good app, but non intuitive configuration Very good app, very fast and professional help from the creator, but he must explain better the functions in setting for exemple with a description and some warnings near the function to select
Awesome You've got my 5 stars
How How to turn Turn Bluetooth On feature on
Nice Better and better with every update
the best app for the mi band Aside of the original mi fit app, this one is the most reliable for appcallsms notification and alarm. the only feature I miss and really wish to find soon in this app is an antiloss alarm. But in the end, mi band tools really deserves its 5 stars and is a must have for mi band owners
