It works I recommend this app to any woman who is eager to get pregnant or would just like to naturally regulate their cycle.. I downloaded this app in march  2015 and found out I was pregnant in June.. Thanks to this app we are expecting a healthy baby boy in march 2016
Love This is, by far, the most accurate app I've tried while TTC Hoping to get pregnant soon.  
Love Easy to use Set up is simple I have Pcos so my cycles are crazy and we are trying for a baby This has helped me log the information from my fertility doc and helped me understand my cycle a bit better AWESOME APP
Really great app, would recommend it to anyone Whether you're trying to fall pregnant or if you'd like to track your cycle. Insightful, user friendly, reliable
Love it We switched from Glow to this app bc we were getting spam emails, polls  unable to adjust my periods accordingly on Glow. This app allows us to do that and so much more. Since we are trying for a baby my husband use the app as well  loves how user friendly it is. We love this app  would recommend it to anyone  everyone
Love it This will be the 2nd time I've used this app and I love it the first time I got lucky and was pregnant and had no idea .. I miscarried at 4 months and we are trying to conceive again . if your trying this is the app just record record record your symptoms food bp. And truly how you feel ,once you are prego you download the pregnancy ovia its really AWESOME too... If you are what to have your bundle of joy sooner than fate is this app does all the hard work
Amazing Informative and very easy to use... Would recommend it to anyone trying to conceive or even just to track your cycle better. Ovia eliminates a lot of guess work as well as hassle  stress. I love it.
Fairly new, but so far, so good I used to use the Glow app but deleted it after about 6 months because I got so fed up with their ridiculous and almost always off topic polls and the cruel and catty behaviour of community members. I LOVE that Ovia focuses solely on ovulation and cycle tracking, and offers advice, tips and even recipes that aim at helping you conceive. App usability is also super easy and straightforward. So far, so good
Works great for me Easy to track,  very informative. i have been using the app for 3 month,  with my irregular period, its really helps  Now just turn a pregger 
Really helpful This app has really been helpful to me I've recently started learning about all the signals your body gives for different processes so this app is great for keeping track of it and for helping me remember what to look out for It crashes every now and then, but it isn't too much of a nuisance.
It helps wonderfully I have been using different apps to track my period and by far this is one of the best. I love the information that the app makers added. It tells you things about your period and different advice too. I am very impressed keep up the good work I look forward to seeing more great stuff..
LoveLoveLove I can keep track of my periods, get helpful hints  when I'm ready too have a baby I can have all in one app
Good app Irregular period so as of now great help.....I'm still unable to enter all of the data....but I hope it works for me
Trying to conceive So far it's been super helpful.  My husband and I are trying to conceive baby number 6 we want a big family anyway our fertility  window is coming up so I will let you guys know if it works.  Fingers crossed.
Great for extra stuff It's not practical for me really since everything it does I already did on my home calendar.  However if you never track and need help this is fantastic.  Teaches women all about their bodies,  which is important.  For those reasons I rate it 5. Plus it works well
Wonderful  App Have not yet conceived but hoping soon lost twins back in July  so that could  b y it's taking  so long
Love it So far so good I've only been using it for a wk or so but I love it I love all the data u can enter and how easy it is to track everything
Great App It's helpful and informative for women TTC...I have PCOS so this is helping me track my irregular periods...plus the articles and Q  A's are interesting...
Love it Like the layout and the daily bits of information that it provides. Very easy to use.. very informative . Love it
Love it  Intuitive  Gives me hope Love how intuitive it is  I've learned a lot about how my varying symptoms or feelings, etc track against cycle.  Interesting and informative.
Enjoying it I am really enjoying this app more than the other app because it gives me facts and updates and recipes and encouragement to keep going with helping us TTC... It's been a great app I recommend it to all ladies
Love it so far Especially all of the little tips and facts each day 
Great app Keeps track of everything and let's you know exactly what is happening and when.
I'm still trying I'm still trying for a baby but this app does help and gives me tips to help me get prego faster
Breathing easy This app is so easy to use and so helpful. Anyone needing aid should use this app before others. Some things you don't realize effects fertility but it does. This app does that so you can better know your body and cycle, to improve you chances A
Helps my wife and I keep track of what we need to do. Love this app.
so far so good. easy to track everything from how your feeling to what you've ate today. but it keeps force closing which is irritating
Love this app I'm a practicing Physician.  Recently got married and now beginning to grow our family.   This app gives so much insight and details for any level or interest.   Will definitely recommend this app regularly. Thanks
