I love this new version since I figured out how to merge different lines within the tree .
Only just started using it and got back to 1829 already. Not even started paying yet. It's fab and very addictive.
Even more awesome with the most recent update Best family tree website I've found, really happy. It feels closer to the desktop app now too. I like that it matches people to your Facebook friends as well. I also like the new events that crop up as hints, people who lived during the war or the death of Queen Victoria etc. Very easy to use, would highly recommend.
Great little app My only issue is that I haven't figured out how to prevent duplications when one person's record are listed under different spellings or version of their names. I love the pic and leafy little clues. I have learned things about my family that I have always wanted to know but had given up on ever learning.
Tremendous Help It has helped me so much with my research. I have been able to go so much further back than I ever thought possible thanks to all the records and family trees that others have shared and archived. I can get so lost in this as in lost timewise lol. It truly is fascinating to be able to learn so much about extended family. I highly recommend this site for the beginner and the pro.
Quick access on the go for when new facts are uncovered. Have subscribed to Ancestry for years, and this allows me update instantly, for instance when another family member emails information. When I have time to study the main site on my PC it's already synced.
The Path to Family Enlightenment Exceptional is the word of choice. Ancestry. Ca continues to delight , educate, and baffle. The only complaint I could come up with,  and it's small, there is often conflicting dates as to births, and deaths of relatives. However,  given the enormous wealth of information that Ancestry has to deal with, it must be left up to the user to sift through, and sort out the details. Bravo. Great app  website 
Great app Love this app. The only thing I would change would be to make it more like the actual site so that it would be easier to search individuals rather than having to wait for an ancestry hint.
Superb I've been using Ancestry for years within excellent success. This app is both very convenient, but also impressive. Did you know that my wife's ancestor was hung for murder in Bristol Or that my 3rd great grandfather died in a rock fall in a slate quarry Riveting
Had to resort to using the app to do my searching as website will not allow me to do anything. So far I find it better than the website
Super app I've been researching my family tree for years and having this app means I can look up details from my tree while I'm out on research trips. Rather than having to take all my folders with me every time.
Excellent interface, though not entirely complete This app has nearly all the features of the website, which is understandable. The app presents a complicated set of data dynamically and seamlessly, and allows a surprising depth of detail accessible through the mobile app. A very limited set of research functions seem to not be available here, but it's really not a significant hindrance.
Amazing I just started using the app and have uncovered so much about my family that I had no clue about.
Great Everything seems to be working.  Getting back much further than I thought possible with a free app
Great Ap Works great on my Samsung note 4. Love being able to have all data, documents and pictures with me when doing research. And sitting somewhere waiting I get to check out my hints
greatest source toward finding your ancestors available. I have found living relatives I did not know existed. also learning of our family's past has help to understand why some things from the past still effects your family. learn about some health conditions too
Brilliant... But don't forget to set you the author as Home person and set your name in the line asking Who you are. That way your relationships are set to all your ancestors.
LFB Very good app. Never knew my family. Now I can trace them all the way back to 1690 in Germany and Ireland.
Hamill family tree I really like how the app has been updated to include historical events to the names of people in my family trees.
