This application is hands down the gold standard in ordering applications. I don't usually leave reviews but I felt that because of the accuracy and the simplicity of this application I think that they should get as much credit as possible
Great app This app is awesome. I think every delivery place should use something like this. It walks you through the whole process. It even has an alert noise to let you know every time there's a new status of your order being made, being put in the oven, out for delivery, etc. Plus the way I figure it, the less time they spend on the phone talking to people, the more time they can be making orders
Ease of use We order from Dominos several times a month, sometimes weekly. If we are having pizza it is Dominos at our house. Even when we have gone out of town, if we are eating pizza it is Dominos. Love them.
Domino Effect You guys are genius... Anytime im with someone who cant make up their mind on food which is more than often the app calls my name with the easy order and coupon already added.. sigh . I need rehab... oh and dont forget the cool points dont even be hungry just ordering a pizza cause its free smh.
Perfect This app makes it easy to order even if you have had a drinks by putting in cool graphics and pop ups to keep your attention Good job domino's
So convenient I rarely ever rate apps but this one is just so nice and I've never had issues with it. The tracker info can be a little inaccurate it will say pizza is out for delivery but they will already be at my door. But besides that it's a great app.
Great I love this app They never mess up on orders. Only downfall is you have to spend 10 dollars to have delivery.
Awesome Makes life easy don't have to sit on the phone with someone or on hold because there busy the one and only thing I have found is you can't add extras to your pastas on the app it says u can but won't let u sumitt
So great I don't generally use any apps like this,  but the Domino's app is SO EASY And I love that I get notifications at each step in the pocess with the order tracker. I seriously LOVE this app
Love it This app is very user friendly and reliable Placing an order for the entire family is now as easy as few button clicks I love this app 5
Awsome The new version Is a bit more complicated. Liked the old version better. Still non the less a good all around app.
Love it Really convenient I love how easy the UI of this app is. Its straight to the point and takes the wait and frustration out of waiting on a busy phone line or waiting in line.
Quick and efficient This comes in handy SOOOOO much Makes placing orders a breeze. Only thing I'd like to see change is the limit on pasta toppings. MORE TOPPINGS lol. Keep up the good work
Ordering Made Easy Couldn't have been easier. Probably one of the best app experiences I've had.
Love but missing note to store option Love the app. Any weird errors I receive is usually fixed by pressing the button again. I have one issue with it, there is no way to put a note to the store making the order. At least from what I was able to find. Thus making it hard to tell the driver a one off remark about the pizza or delivery area. I tried editing my address to put this note in but the text field was too limited. Add this and I can give it 5 .
Great App Love this app. Only a few very minor problems but overall this is great. Very convenient
Phenomenal App When I'm in my occasional binge mode, dominoes makes it very easy to order, and delivers in a timely manner.
