The Best Career Site I like how you are able to apply for many positions with one click.  I have received more requests for interviews using this site than any other.
Great Love that it show if it was viewed by employer. Received interviews already through their job search
Best app in the world This app is amazing I've already gotten interviews within an hour of using it. Amazing. Just a great idea. It can absolutely help you get a job faster.
Fast and up to date I love this app that lets me know whos looking at my resume and it keeps me posted on everything
Great, It worked Awesome app lives up to the hype, update 1 month after installing the app I have a great job Thanks ZipRecruiter
Easy and thorough Very easy to apply to positions. Very thorough with providing feedback of application status.
Just started using I'm new but I like the it tells you when they have received your resume and viewed it very easy to use
This is by far one of the best, user friendly apps. Looking for employment can be so repetitious, but the 1 tap apply helps a bunch.
Great App I like most how you enter your info once and the 1tap apply is ready.
It's a good idea to look for jobs in this app at least they will let you know when they see your application and let you know if you qualified for it
Way better then indeed I like this app its way better then indeed. I have a few interviews and I just downloaded this yesterday.
The best job search app yet. I love the clean look,  and on tap apply feature. Very easy to use
I absolutely love this app Filled out applications last night and got a job the next morning
Love it Found it online about two weeks. And got a job the next day.
1st time Just got the app last night  put in a few applications and first thing today I got  a call for and interview and now so far from this app I have 6 different interviews
What a great fast  easy app The way of applying to jobs is so  much more time consuming
I like the 1 tap apply and I also have been getting several interviews scheduled. Thanks ziprecruiter
ZipRecruiter has helped me, Love my Job . Helped, immeasurably.
