Even though i dropped my phone and the battery came out and i had to start all over after having 2 million dollars and over half the achievements. Great game though
Only played for 10 mins so far but realy enjoying it only thing i dont like is the slider steering if you could please add a wheel option that you turn like other games it would be perfect also needs a cloud saving feature keep loosing my game when swaping phones or factory reset thanks for your effort good job would recomend 
excellent and really love it my child really love this game and can't stop playing this game at anytime does his have. And one more thing i am really need to know why it consum to much battery power... can the developer check for it and i am really appreciate if his can solve this situation... anyway i am alsoo love this game and 10 star for the great job...
Controls soo good soo real Very good game for .. who love to drive all those earth movers .. Crane controls are perfect.. Especially swing of the weight stops when u do the trick.. Superb..i am enjoing it and my wifes hates it ha ha ha ..
Awesome Best sim game i have ever played great job. Easy controls smooth gameplay and great fun keep it up.
Great simulator Excellent game, it would be good if you could do all the bad things as well like driving illegally... Haha
Good but Love the challenges, but I just wish that I coild build my own buildings.
The best simulation game on play store. Its very good. And the graphics are awesome on my tab Acer Iconia B1730HD. But I am sad that now this game has been freed by astragon cause I had to buy it last year. But new installers of this game are lucky to get free.
Very creative.awesome graphics Realistic great game.bought all the trucks.awesome. graphics and movement.
Awesome This game is the best construction game I have ever played on a tablet. Awesome game for the money. Can't wait for the next one 2015. I can't stop playing this game.
This game is great Technical enough to feel educational, realistic in the right places and forgiving in others to facilitate truly enjoyable gameplay. The variety of vehicles and machines is nice and controlling each one for missions is highly entertaining I could play around with the forklift for hours, the different camera views are great especially when you have loaded cargo This is a developer I would support again.
Excellent If you like 'big boys toys', this is the next best thing on a game simulater. As a mobile crane operator by profession, I can't put this game down, and I haven't got the cranes yet. Superb graphics and amazing attention to detail where the vehicles are concerned. On the negative side, I would like to see accident damage when hitting other vehicles and road signs etc. It's not clever when my carefully manoevered lowloader gets pushed sideways by a car. Worth every penny though. 1010
Great support, my son loves it My 5 year old son loves all things construction, and so was beyond thrilled when I bought a coin package so we can purchase more vehicles. He gets impatient with the missions but loves to drive and explore the different places and discover what the vehicles can do. Imagine his disappointment when his profile disappeared, along with it his beloved vehicles. I emailed dev support, and they delivered Plus 4 extra vehicles for the trouble.
Brilliant game Love the game. Works really well and doesn't lag at all.  Things that could improve.  Moving vehicles off site when jobs are completed is annoying as the excavator is slow.   I think the truck and trailer should be one,  many times I've loaded the game and my trailers gone back to yard and truck hasn't. Should be a quick save button during each individual mission.  good for when playing at work running I to cars and signs stopping a big truck ks wierd and kind of annoying.
Love it I love this app on my phone so I bought it on my MacBook Pro and I love using the excavators and using two joysticks and foot pedals to make it feel like I'm in a real excavator and I have all the functions the same as a real excavator and it works great love it this app get the 1010
Awesome sim game Was a bit laggy on my old RAZR, but runs fine on my Droid Turbo. Has an amazing amount of detail for phone game. I have killed hours on this game and have successfully advanced without spending any inapp purchases.
BRILLIANT One of the best games I have ever downloaded. Definitely worth the money. I reccomend this to everybody. It is amazing
