Best mapping app I had tried many mapping  navigation apps before and nothing was up to the mark. This one's is really offline map and results are accurate. Thanks for bringing this to Android.
This app has true offline functionality and the app is one of the few best map apps on android devices. The only problem I face while using it is that a small typo might bring entirely different results.
Had on my Nokia lumia But didn't know it was for Android I'm happy cause it is the best app I ever used in my life It true what it says so downloaded
Great App The best ever premium navigation App ever , reliable , accurate and features rich app , you can consider it as a great add to your phone , only Nokia's smart phones can provide better experience  because I still use my 2 years old Nokia 808 pure view as satnav unit without Sim card 
Great app......keep it up Nokia I've said it before and I'm saying it now  To me, this is even better than Google map because of the offline functionality. Better still I'll love the addition of street view functionality
This is why stopped buying Nokia I was useing Nokia for ages just because of this app. Now I can use Samsung Galaxy Note 
Has almost any feature anyone would need, and most importantly Offline Navigation. I began using it as a daily driver and never looked back. Keep up the good work guys
Just a request Please add Choose on map in the Get direction menu, because most of the time the exact place is not available in the search specially in some countries which doesn't have rich database like ie USA.
Great If you have a Gear s2 download this app and get the companion app on from gear your manager Samsung Apps and you can go drive.
Good Tolong dong di update petanya, banyak jalan yg belum update, misalnya jalan tol Cipali dari cikampek ke cirebon
Best offline map Search is incredible,  offline access  full offline Underground scheduling   YOU ARE AWESOME I am still missing the exact transfer times in the routeit seems the app had them but doesn't show them and also better step by step instructions... But still the best out there for commuters
Everything This has all the features I have been looking for in a GPS replacement.  I would pay for this app if it wasn't free.
Perfect Works perfectly on Xperia V. Perfect guidance, several ideal routes, both for car and public transportation, both offline and online. Awesome UX design Those tap and hold options are just what I needed.
Excellent alternative to Google maps Offline maps and navigation works, although with a couple of quirks. But it doesn't eat a lot of space, and surfer dude is just plain awesome Excellent app indeed.
Superb support without any kind of internet connection. If at any time you are lost. A great app to take you out of it.
Need to test on android Was Perfect on WP , lets see what they have on Android ..... Open source rocks
