Sync Ever since the last update, books don't sync between devices. I use the app on my phone and tablet and when I sign out of one to sign in to the other, I have to find the page where I left off.  Getting very frustrated
Samsung galaxy s3 I love this app, its the  only app i use to read my books but now every time i open the app it says nook has stopped working and then kicks me out. I have sent multiple reports stating the problem and it still hasn't been fixed.
Very much like actual reader This newer updated version of Book all had better functionality all around, including interface with book store.
Always with me No matter which device I have with me, I can get to my books. I've never had any problem with my devices syncing unless I'm not  connected to WiFi. That's to be expected and not an issue.  The app is easy to use and makes shopping for new books extremely easy. I can preorder upcoming titles and simply download when they're available. Can't imagine being without this app and highly recommend it to everyone who loves to read.
Been a Nook fan from the beginning I am currently on my second Nook device and am thinking about upgrading again.   Barnes and Noble, along with their Nook gurus, have solved every problem I have encountered.  I have been pleased with each of my devices and go nowhere without one.
Take it everywhere The Nook app works flawlessly on all my devices
Love it... You don't have to buy books just from BN..
Nook new version Like it now, used to the different version now, it's good
Love the app I love to use this app especially for my reading. I love being able to have all my books available  whenever I want to read. I use my nook app alot. I have both the Kindle app and the nook app and I love both the apps.
Great app.. Love the fact I can take my books with me everywhere I go.. no more being bored at the dr office..easy app to use.. always getting notices for discounts and deals. All around A app
Nook app I have had a nook reader for many years now. It was my first reader with stored pix in bw. It quit one day so I promptly bought a tablet and now I have Nook and Kindle The only problem I have with Nook is there are not enough free or .99 selections. Thanks for adding a little joy and enlightenment to my life.
The app is Easy to use syncs with all my devices
Works perfectly Easy to navigate and download books. Few to no errors. Recommend download
Awesome I have the app on my Note 4. It really makes it feel like I have a book in my pocket ready to read. Can't carry my 10 in NOOK hd around. This app helps me read any of my ebooks any where I go now. I love it
I like it alot.   I have nothing negative to say about nook....I like it
Five stars Love this app. I can go anywhere and pick up where I left off reading. I love that I can stay current with magazines and books.
Love it I enjoy reading on my tablet. I enjoy the bn app. Can download book where ever I am. I love it.
Can go from tablet to nook color to a different tablet with no problem.
I love this app. I use this app a lot. I use it all the time.
Great Works even on the newest version of android.
