Tried for fun to identify a song i didnt know and it worked first try on moderately sounded bar. Will use again
Love that when I hear a song I like,  I can just push Soundhound's orange button and it will sniff out the tune
Very good app.. find the song I'm looking for even when I sing it
Best App Even with low volume this app still helps you find the song you are looking for..
Great app Great app solves lots of arguments
Great for name that tune Easy to use and quick, showing the lyrics. Great app.
Wow First try and got my song by humming  amazing app
93 Almost there Great app. Not every song I ask it to identify is found. It could be my choice if songs, really good
Very handy app Not only it does what it claims but its ability to pick up the music even when the background noise is quite loud is amazing. Humming recognition on the other hand is hit or miss, but eh.
Loved it Thanks to this app I have found the music I was looking for like sooo many yearss
Great Soundhound's ability to recognize songs is impressive It works even with a lot of noise or even when you sing Also, the app has every link you will ever need about the songs you identify.
Love it Works great and is simple. Only wish my new phone would do the same as the last where it's home icon auto listened. But still love it.
Awesome Hummed Hot Blooded and it got it right, on the very first try. Impressive
Using got past 3 years Successfully got 95 of the songs I search. Thanks a lot for the app Incredible use
Great Fast  Easy to use.
Love it Best app out there for music. Love it and will always have it.
Better than Shazam Can we have android wear support  Pretty please
Beats Google Ears Sound Search, hands down This app continues to get better. Sound recording is refined exceptional for an app of its kind. It discovers some pretty obscure music searches, which is commendable. Excited to see what today's update brings to the app. Thanks to the Dev team
Bringing more Value How can we bring a better experience and more Value to our listeners. I like this attitude.
USEFUL Is easy to find my favorite song that I forget the tittle or lyrics..ill wait to  More Update Please
Works great Must have app.
Zaslueno svih pet. Nemam komentar. Za mene perfektan.EXTRA...
Fantastic What else would you ask for  Yes occasionally it can't find a song but overall it works great.
Awesome music identification LOVE this app Most comprehensive music identification app EVER Live lyrics most of the time is my favorite part
The best I tried other apps but this is the only one that recognized my humming and gave me the right song title Recommended
