Impressive No nonsense, seriously good yet easy to learn exercise ... Will pay off if you commit to it regularly. Combine with a sensible diet and you will love the results
Feeling the burn 36 yo Mom of 3. Decent shape but needed something more. This is a quick and painful in a good way 7 minute intense workout. Love it
For the lazy I never go to the gym because it's just too long out of my day. Working 6 days means I can't be assed spending hours excersizing. This is just 7 mins I get home and I sit on the couch and I tell myself, it's just 7 mins So I'm more inclined to actually do some excersize It's a good work out too. Sweating and puffed out after. Definitely recommend it.
Brilliant app  totally worth it It's motivating, challenging and informative. The videos are great and the rewards are fun to achieveaim towards. 7 mins a day is totally doable even for a mostly lazy, unmotivated but busy working single mum like me.
First workout done Easy to follow. I huff and puff up stairs, but I got through it. As I get more fit, I'll get more done in the allotted time. All you need is a wall and a chair. And some cool down time to catch your breath at the end.
Love it. Perfect for time poor people who want to feel the burn and get the heart rate up
Very sore, so I guess it's working. This app has made me realize how out of shape I am. I've done three workouts so far and I've been so sore ever since, haha. Quick and easy to follow, I love that you don't need any special equipment.
Love it Amazing,  you can do this at any time,  7 minutes,  early morning or after thekids go to bed.  Its perfect
Awesome fitness app Highly recommended for people who want to start working out . simple ui and easy to follow instructions with tutorials
The app that finally got me moving I love the ease and convenience. You can do this workout anywhere and don't have to feel  the gym is the only place to workout anymore
Can really feel it Great work out to do every morning first thing. I finish it off with skipping as could do with a bit more cardio but all in all, the aches and pains tell me it works.
Love it The exercises are perfect, and you can tailor it to your needs by going at a higher intensity and doing more cycles. Great workout
Amazing i just work out 10 min everyday or every other day regularly with this.the results are amazing .i am fitter and muscular. Most of this fitness also relates to everyday wellbeing. This app is amazing.i am enjoying it on consistent basis.
Feeling the burn Just downloaded the 7 minute workout challenge and tried it out.... I highly recommend it,  it's fantastic
Best time to output ratio Remarkably convenient for a full body workout. Can be easily incorporated in our daily busy work lives.
Easy peasy So easy, cuts out all the jibbajabba. It is quick, easy and clear. The exercises are doable and I love how you can track your fittness and weight. Increase and decrease your workouts. Save your money on P.T sessions this app has everything you need. Top job
Good beginner workout to get the blood flowing..using it with my 10 year old..perfect way to get him motivated as well. Keeps his attention just long enough..m
Time saver 7 minutes of hell but it works. I'm huffing and sweating, looks deceptively easy. Just do it everyday and eat sensibly. Great for stress relief too.
Wow easier than anticipated Thought it was going to be tough to follow but it really wasn't had fun x
Wow Actually enjoyed a work did 2 cycles  no equipment doesn't exactly apply as you need a chair I had to run for one half way through but other than that very easy to follow sweating buckets and  feel I've done a full circuit session. I don't always have time to go to the gym so being able to just have 7 minutes to do this and feel better is great 
Great app, gets the job done. Without a lot of time to focus on exercise this works well
The only workout I've been able to stick with Easy workout, seven minutes. I do much better with a Pilates mat for the crunches, but other than a chair and a wall, you need nothing else. The best part is getting a little gold star each time you do the workout, and seeing your progress on the calendar.
Awesome workout Great, fun workout for all fitness levels simply increase the number of cycles and length of exercise duration
Day 1 Me and my wife had our first kid a year ago, that's about how long it's been since I've been to a gym. Tried this out yesterday morning, today I'm sore all over..... That good kind of just had a good workout sore
Me  my children love it Due to injury I'm unable to train, I'v e been doing this for 3 days  my 5  3 year old are joining in which is great fun I'm out of breath after 7mins
Brilliant app been using it all week can even do a minute plank now lol
Nice design, easy to follow and truly a great workout. I'm working my way to a better lifestyle and this 7 minute regimen is a great way to start every morning, before work.
