Busy busy busy I am super busy and cant seem to find a yoga or core class around my free times. This app allows me to do my yoga early in the morning, and add an anything else I need during my week.
Love it Its amazing because I am usually not easy to impress but this is a really really good app for someone who has there mind set in loosing weight and I just love it so much better than that one app pump up bc it pushes you but it gives you time to take your time and its just amaazing
Very nice app This is the best app that I've found for working out my body, i feel good after doing workout and with many varieties of exercise, it's very easy to follow,,, the notification feature is awesome.... 
I ditched my gym I love this app I actually stopped going to the gym since now all I need is a mat, jump rope, pushuphandles, and a smartphone to play this app Of course, having the right nutrition also helped me lose 30 lbs since June 1st Love it...
BLOODY LOVE IT This is the best app ever I always get distracted when I exercise and also never know how to I can't do a lot of exercise due to injuries and knee deformity but I love the stretches and yoga on this and the randomisation of the exercises. No workout is ever the same I love it
Super easy app with great workouts I love this app. The workouts are great and you can pick from strength, cardio, yoga and stretching. You pick how many minutes to workout and it will build a great set exercises for you.  My first workout was a 30 minute cardio and session and by the end of it I was drenched in sweat and woke up sore the next day. Can't wait to try the other workouts and increase my exercise time.
This helps me stay on track Wow This app is awesome, though some of the options are a little bit clunky
Superb I was really very lethargic to do all those workout moves..  N one of the reasons was that I didnt know all those exercises but sworkit really helped me out very well.. Hope to lose weight asap 
Great little app Really impressed had this little app for a little while and gives me a nice little workout that i can tailor to what i want, very awesome Dont try to listen to spotify at the same time tho 
Only complain is that it repeats sets between categories example you do upper strength, then core or lower and there's a chance you'll sometimes end up doing what you already did, I think the algorithm should avoid this.  Also, 30s in stretching seems a bit low, a minute perhaps  All in all, fantastic app I hate going to the gym because I think is wasting money, and I've been using this for some weeks as a complement to running  bicycling.
Good I love this app so much it helped me so much in my life to some lose weight and get stronger and be good and yoga and you know like dancing and stuff
Love it Great workouts. Lots of variety. Makes me sweat like crazy
Awesome Great for fast intense workouts when no time for gym. 10 minute workout really made me sweat Love it
Really like it It is the best app for those that need to start slow but steady like me.  I've increased the length of the workout at my pace and I am really happy.
I'm excited This app has been working for me for the past week. I have no complaints this far.
Thanks I love how customizable it is. And working 18 hrs a day...This eliminated my no time for the gym excuses and I like the work out reminder. So far, so good...best work out app I've downloaded.
Wow It works if you work it. It's me against myself with this app and I love it.
Awesome I love this app. It lets you choose which exercise and the time. You can do a quick workout or a long one. Awesome.
Best fitness app Just started today,its awesome.i recommand this to all of you who wants to train or whatever 
Just super versatile and keeps me moving and does its job. I'm tired at the end of a workout
