So glad this came to Android I used to have this tunermetronome on my iPhone 3gs a few years ago and I LOVED IT Messing with the temperament and different instruments along with a VERY flexible metronome is something I haven't found in other tuners The design could be updated a bit, but the features are all good
Loved It I'm a middle school band student and this tuner helped me get in to the state honors band
Hands down the best tuner. Thank you for bringing Tonal Energy to Android
Awesome This app really helps me stay in tune for band
Finally I have been waiting for this to come out on Android for ages
YAY I've been struggling with tuners in my band class till my teach suggest this So glad I got it Best tuner ever. Hands down.
Fantastic I've been waiting for this on android for a very long time. It's an exceptional tuner and a very good metronome too
just tuning euphoria. Hearing chords in tune is heaven
Awesome Never seen a better tuner
FINALLY AVAILABLE FOR ANDROID I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR 4 YEARS, SINCE I STARTED BAND, FOR THIS APP TO BE AVAILABLE ON ANDROID
Best Music Tool Ever I used this on iOS for years, and then I was disappointed to find that it wasn't available on Android when I switched over. I'm so glad I can once again use this app
For band Love it
Great
Works very well
great app great
Gud
The best tuner, bar none. As a musician, the only app that iOS had that I was jealous of was the Tonal Energy Tuner. No longer. Different temperaments, a state of the art tone generator, excellent metronome, and all for only 1.99. It's better than anything like it on Android. Buy it.
Finally made it to Android Been waiting to be able to use this app since I despise Apple. Now I can tell my students, the majority of whom use android devices to get this app. Worth the wait.
Best tuner ever I have been waiting for this tuner to come to android for a while now and it's finally here This is better than any other tuner on the market.
Beyond Ecstatic Switched to Android and my only regret from leaving Apple was that I wouldn't have this anymore. Now that it's on Android I nearly fainted. BEST APP EVER MADE and if you want to train your ears, use the drone
Thank you. I've used it for years on my iPad, now I can finally use this amazing app on my android phone.
IT'S FINALLY ON ANDROID This tuner is popular with our high school band. I'm happy I can have it on my phone too
