Its wonderful  To everyone who complains of the lack of mane and tail, because its less realistic,  its an app thought for artists. You are supposed to drawpaintmanip the mane and tail yourselves. Don't forget manes and tails move and change shape depending on the movement of the animal. It would be odd to have a static mane and tail on the horse model.
Add Add mane and a tail. The horse needs to look more like a natural   horse with a mane and tail.
Love it
Love it Great app. Worth every penny. I just wish you could move the ears. But overall love it
BEST HORSE TOOL EVER I love how you can pose the horse I was digging in my money to find four dollars glad I bought it so if you like horses its really fun So buy it
ASTOUNDING Alienthink, I cannot thank you enough. At last
Love at first pose I love this app I have been looking for it for a VERY long time  works perfectly. I am in love
Thank you A horse mannequin runs about 50 bucks or more and you can't put it in your pocket. thanks for creating this app
Indisposable Tool As a 2D artist, this mannequin app is incredibly useful.  The interface is hard to get used to but that's only because it's so customizable.  It's so awesome to be able to get a horse posed exactly how you need it.  Try asking a real horse to do this
Really useful As Good as the human pose tool app 5 star
HORSE POSE 3d tool On my Galaxy note  this is a very slick application. Watch the video ...it really is a simple tool use ...the more I use it the, more it started to feel natural in use.. My tip is use screen save to save the pose ...Then use one of the  many available apps to remove the icons .  You can work your  horse  saving yourself the task of drawing it out on paper.....enjoy its worth having
Very well made Its so easy to use and make your own poses. Its worth the 4.
Great app Love it. Would love one for dogscats.
Omg I love this game worth the cost and let's just say......ITS AMAZING
Great
Nice Beautiful work.
Awesome Works great
Very good and so useful for enthusiasts and pros.. Reputation of this application builder is impeccable. His first Pose Tool 3D was excellent, and this one is also very very good. I am using it on three Android devices, Nexus 7, Xoom and HTC Vivid. On htc vivid Android 4.0.3 it doesn't save poses the same problem with Pose Tool 3D, but on XOOM and Nexus 7 it works perfectly. The problem with HTC Vivid is most likely, Unity on HTC problem.
Awesome I would like to see this programmer do more animals. This is great. I would, without a doubt, buy all of the pose 3d apps from this programmer. I have all of them so far.
Amazing This is very awesome and very useful keep up the great work
Great As soon as the app started and I saw the opening credit, i knew it was a good app Always quality apps
I love it This thing helps me so much when I draw and paint
