The pinger app is really great exept that u have to either buy minutes,trade someone that has the app for minutes,and to whatch a bunch of ads to get 2 minted every hi e you do that it's really annoying. But either than that it's really GREAT
Pinger is great I love Pinger. Whilst new updates take forever and they often under deliver on features, Pinger still remains one of the best. Calling is super cheap.
The best I love it because I can text ppl with no problem at all. And send pictures to anyone I want to it is awesome.thanks for making this app 
Free no problems at all What else can you ask for, freeeeee
Wish it was free calling but I like it
wakataso I received an international call 2 days ago from central america and it was clear connection.
Pinger Good conection on every call never miss a text or call keep up the good work
Keeps me In contact
Montina Love
Great app
Works great Very easy to use.
I love it so much Like i say love it
Finally  are back 
Awesome The best
Good Great
Great app Great app
The only thing I dislike about it is that it has to run by WiFi maybe unless I pay for minutes I don't have to but I choose not to pay for minutes otherwise I would have my original cell phone turned on but I've had excellent quality I'm happy with pinger I tried other sites that just did not make any sense so of course I came back here I like being the customer to you guys you will forever have my business as long as I need it thank you
Text freeGhetto fabulous Ghetto Miraculous LOWBudGEt...cheap...piece of crap...faulty phone application.        Side effects know to be homeLife ruin and wreckage.
Awesome This app is awesome and calls are always clear. I haven't had any issues with my text messages at all either
This is the absolute best texting app EVER Earning MINUTES not points is so easy, but also very inexpensive to buy  Plus it actually connects you to who ur calling vs. going to ans. machine EVERY timeautomatcally like nextplus.  Quality of calls r better than cell phone expensive service  The developers of this app are GENIUS  GENEROUS  IT'S FREE   I so love this app but I do wish I could use the numbers when calling automated service 's...is there a toggle switch or something I've not found yet
great it's clear when you talk AND most of all its FREE you have to run WiFi but it's still a good choice  considering all the other  ones one on the network  . and you can Earn talk TIME
I LOVE IT Textfree is amazing i really think you should get it i mean yeah it has problems every now and then but dont they all oh but you also need internet
