McAfee security It's the best there is. My laptop and my phone are protected. You can't ask for more than that at such a great affordable price.
Very Nice  I've tried to identify negative points of app, but I have yet to find any. Nice work. Along with the Financial App installed I do feel safer using my phone. I highly recommend.
One great benefit I have this installed on my phone and tablet.  I put the wrong pin in my tablet lock 3 times and a photo of me trying to pinch the tablet together with a street address were sent to my mobile.   Brilliant  It's worth installing just for this.
Safe and secure Really nice security provided by McAfee. Totally relax and worry free for my phones safely vireus attack and lost or theft.  Capturecam is amazing..  Extra star for that. 
Great indeed Wow what a difference,  awhile ago I downloaded McAfee and completely dismissed it, it had no options and detection was good but not great... Now it's one of the 4 best antivirus in my book, great interface,  great detection, great free options.. This along with 360 security,  Sophos and eset are the best.
It really works. I can't complain. I tried every possible option that had reputable history. Aka lots and lots of downloads.
Awesome Your app is great. and if any thing goes wrong. you all ways respond and fix it still the best
Very useful First thing, this app is not a virus. From a proven reliable source.
Take notes, lol This app truly does what it says. I changed service providers and forgot my pin and it locked the phone, sent picture of me through email when I put in too many failed attempts and provided location where phone was. So please remember your passcode lol. Great app
I have noting but good things to say about my security system on my phone and home computers great service and affordable..
One the best and known Security Solution I'm using this security application since 8 months and on many devices and always recommend to friends and family for their mobile devices. Looking for further features like firewall and advertising control.
Mcafee all Great apps.  I like that it backups online when I recharge my phone during the day.  It autochecks all downloads.
Mike It was awesome to used it all the virueses detected of this application I do hope that this owner of this application would be make more application.
Good antivirus you can trust on. very good i used to get annoyed from popups now iam happy after installing macfee no popups.
