Excellent dev In a neverending supply of icon packs, I have to say Stealthychief stands out..For quality, quantity and updates.. Appreciate all your work  BTW, thanks for the new Yahtzee icon   
Awesome
Topnotch Well worth to have it nice rich dark colors keep up does updates 5 star
Not Many Samsung Apps Not many Samsung Apps But Still One Of The Best Icon Packs
great icon pack love its , very cool
Amazingly vibrant icons for dark bkgds One of my favorite icon packs
Great work Absolutely my favorite icon pack hands down
Love all of your packs Most of my icon packs are from you and I use all of them. Definitely top of the game Keep em coming Just about to purchase Fresh
Never a disappointment A keep it up 
Amazing Makes your Android Home Screen so much better.
Great Very cool
Nice Awesome looking icons
Love it
Never a let down Stealthychief never fails to let me down. I only purchase icon packs from them. Purely amazing as usual. Keep em coming
Awesome just like all your icon packs I really love all your work 
Great set A lot of icons and regular updates by the dev 
Perfect. Great work  Another flawless icon set.
What, what The icons are beautiful.
Always being updated Great support by dev
Can u put the skin for Fotmob The Fotmob icon is a soccer ball, black and white.
Best Icon Pack Doesnt get any better than this.
perfect what I've been looking for for years in an icon pack.
The best icon theme from the best Dev.
The update fixed it Yay it works again for tsf shell launcher, love this icon pack Thanks
Looks good.
Give da Chief moar monies Buy this icon pack It's sexy
Nice Love these icons, thanks...all your icon sets are pretty fantastic
I really  love this pack....  Exactly what I was looking for...  5 stars easy
The best
Amazing I'd have to say this is the best icon pack I've come across, they look absolutely beautiful for the most part. The only problem I have with it is the icon for the WWE app, its kinda a ugly icon but besides that I love the test of the icons
Amazing I would have to say that all of stealthychief's stuff is amazing. Such care and perfection put into each icon pack It can definitely be seem and each one is so different Wonderful job
Not your run of the mill icon pack This is a very well made theme pack for a reasonable price. The app that accompanies the icons is very well designed with beautiful animations. Very well done.
Awesome I have several Stealthy icon packs and I also have several other icon packs.  I go back and forth between Stealthy's Soul pack, Stealth, and this one.  This dev is on point.
If you're one of those people That instantly looks for dark themes and night mode on all your apps, then this icon pack is for you.
