Game Changer Before I downloaded this app, I was in a serious state of burnout. Making testing my blood sugars and logging food into a game, I am more conscious of what I am doing.
Makes logging diabetes progress easy Newly diagnosed Type 2 diabetes and needed to record sugar and insulin usage.  I love the Monster and the yum yum sounds. Having the estimated A1C numbers is also a great motivation.
So useful My 7 year old is diabetic, and this has been a great way for me to track her day to day carb and insulin consumption, as well as having an accurate record of blood sugars to add to the CGM records. Our endo loves the PDFs, by the way. The reminder timer is very handy.  So far, the best tracking app on the market, in my opinion.
Life changer This app is great. My type 1 diabetes was out of control and paper recording was a pain. I love inserting my numbers. It keeps me motivated and I'm on my phone all day anyway so why not use it. My A1C went from 12.9 in August to a 7.1 in November. And it's because of my obsession with this app LOL
MySugr Loved the older version, like new one even better. Gone to the back of the book and seem some of what's coming. Looking forward to it. Tried a few including something I'd put together myself. This is definitely the best option. Again an improvement. The estimated Hb1Ac was a very pleasant surprise. thank you,  team.
Easy to use I needed an accessible way to log my blood sugar, insulin usage, activity, and carbs here it is all in one. I like the ability to set my own scale for highs and lows. The tracking feature gives a good idea of where you're doing well and when you need to improve. It was easy to use. I haven't had a problem yet.
3 month visit her A1C went from 9.5 to 8.1. Happy Dance  This is a great tool to get those numbers under control. My daughter and I can see her trends and where extra help is needed. Love that I can export her reports to her endo and they can view every detail why her numbers are high or low. Super easy to enter data, I do everything on my Android phone, so it's always with me. I've showed her Dr's, who really like and will recommend it to other patient's. 
Just started trying it So far best diabetic tracking app I've used yet. Seems to be a handy app especially for type 1s on a pump like me who need something user friendly and convenient to log information on the go that can easily be shared with doctors to help review and fine tune pump settings to get in even better control.
Just diagnosed, just started using it good for now.  Will give a real review after few days . This is just to give the team a diet coke.
Brilliant The best blood sugar monitoring app. All on one screen, easy to use and more importantly easy to see all the information. Well done team I love the well thought out design and it's no longer a faff recording bg. Thank you
Good way to keep track on the go. I have this app on my phone so it goes everywhere I do and  I can keep up with my sugar anywhere.  Will be upgrading to pro soon for the extra benefits
Great way to stay on top of your diabetic life 5 days in using the app  Fun way to track and focus on your control.   Every bit of diabetic refinement will add weeks to a fun life.
Helps me I have been using app for a month and so easy to use. I like everything about it. Can't wait to show my doc my results
Such a help This app is great, ideal for logging levels quickly instead of a book and pen every meal time. The on screen info is a fantastic help. Makes me competitive against myself to beat my own levels and improve them all the time.
Love this app because putting it on paper is boring. I love the sound effects. They're great.
Love this app, it has been a huge help for me tracking carbs and bg
So easy Love it handles my disbetes awesomely and lightens my purse greatly Full version fully replaces my entire medical log book Upgraded and so glad I did T1D since 1988.
Love mysugr This is a great way to keep up with your glucose monitoring, plus it's fun, highly recommended
The best I've found This is the best diabetes tracking app I've found over the past few years. It's the only one that keeps me motivated to keep logging and it's very easy to review past data. 5 stars
Such a help I love love love this app. Paper log books do NOT work for me but with this app I can log everything and whenever I need to, no set time or limit It also helps me to see trends patterns and realize how much I can help myself. This is my ideal log book and I love everything about it
Got me involved and motivated I used to do the bare minimums of tracking, the app's ease of use and fun approach has got me pursuing a more involved participation. Next I work on better food tracking. Worth the yearly cost.
Log book Great way to keep track of my sugar
Love this app.  I am horrible with the written log books, this makes keeping track so much easier.
Kinda fun as far as record keeping goes. Easy to use and has real life tags like the one for being hungover 
Awesome Really helpful way to keep track of everything and easy to remember to take to appointments because it's on my phone.
Very good app. Helpful reminders and the new estimated A1c is a neat feature.
TOOO EASY I absolutely love this app It is fresh, fun, interactive and oooh so easy to use. Has all the data I need without being sterile like most other diabetes apps, I actually feel like I'm getting somewhere D Time to tame the monster 
Great app Really helping me take more control of my diabetes.
This does HELP me keep up with my DAY
I like it helps me keep up with my number for me and my Dr. office
Mysugr Very good app much better  using it on my mobile .Having it on both mobile  and tablet you don't miss  an entry with the new updates it's even better
I have CHF, am prediabetic and hypoglycemic. I also have anxiety issues. By using this app, I am able to more easily diagnose what's going on with me when I don't feel well which also helps with my anxiety.
Mysugar is Amazing Love all the options and versatility.
