Was an absolute 5. with new update I need to downgrade it. Some kind of permission setting to the SD card don't let you edit your photos any more. The editing doesn't seem as robust as it was before either, but they just simplified it e.g. POP is Drama Mode now.
No excuse not use a Nexus phone now Now Photos can free up space. No storage regrets getting my first Nexus phone, the 6P
For your Googly eyes only  They know more than I do. So sometimes you gotta trust the Googler's application unless you really wanna join the sheeple on Apples.
Easy and fun I have known too many people who lose their pictures when their phone is lost or broken. Photos prevents that, while also automatically creating fun animations, albums, and videos.
Works as I expect This app does everything I need it to and surprises once and a while with random collages, gifs and stories among other things it can do. The backup feature is the best. That with the addition of clearing backed up photos is amazing. No more manual clearing of backed up photos to save space. Thanks Google, keep the goodies coming.
Such a clever app It does things with my photos I'd never think of, compiling them into storybook format during daytrips and whatnot.
Getting better and better... This is the perfect app for photo and vids editing, cloud backup and sharing. The 'share via link' feature and the ability to save shared photos on the receiving end with a click of a button is so fantastic. A must have option though is the ability to select photos when viewing in full screen.
Simply awesome Love the way they make the awesome collages, movies and animation for us. At times it doesn't catch right frame but still, love it
Love it My laptop were stolen last year with all my pictures and my daughter pics on it. From her birth all the way up to now 5 yrs later. If I knew of the service back then I will still have those cherished moments. NOW I KNOW AND PICTURES ARE AUTOMATICALLY BACKED UP. THANK YOU
Awesome  You can sense that technology has gone to all new level  I believe privacy is compromised but I am just fascinated with the features in the latest update..
Beautiful set it and forget it backup app Photo thumbnails load a bit slowly even those on my phone. Background backup works wonderfully. Cross device and web access to photo library is great. GIFifying similar photos is a thing it does.
Just wow Fantastic. Great UI. Dropbox should be pooping their pants. If there's one app that gets iPhone users hungry for Android, it's this one. Makes them uncomfortably aware of the money they spend on iCloud as a means of compensating for the 16 GBs they settled for 'cause they're cheap but still want to bathe in the perceived prestige of owning an Apple product. smh
It has to be a 5. I had these really embarrassing photos on my gallary and with this app it allowed me to delete them. You have saved my life.
New Google Photos is Terrible New features are terrible and slow the phone down. Bring back the last version it worked so much better Google
Great app Great experience. Starting to run out of ideas for feature requests now that Chromecast is supported and lastest version brings manual free up space option.
