Great Surprised there's negative comments. Maybe I just haven't run into any issues yet... Have requested money twice for emergencies  both times the request was accepted  in my account within the same minute.
So convenient I can't believe how easy this is for my kids to repay me....or when someone needs funds quickly in their account. I do love it
Use reward code DFVXSVP for free 5 dollars. Love it Customer service got back to me numerous times today thru my email, and just signed up last night. Addressed my issues correctly. Great csr. Also if you haven't signed up yet, use my reward code DFVXSVP and make an extra 5 dollars free. 5 stars 
My friend sent me some money and it was in my account in minutes. This was my first time using it and loved it so far.
Money in 60 seconds I've used this app a dozen times or so and it has revolutionized the way I send money. No more money orders, clearexchange,  or waiting for echecks to send. Instantaneous money transfers and all I have to do is type in somebody's name. I can't believe this is a free service because it's so wildly intuitive.
Efficient Great app but hey when I send an invite for someone to try it out...it says the link is broken...pls fix this  asap...ive lost out on like 20 bucks worth of referrals...
Simply elegant This is just awesome. Super simple. In fact, because of the 5 when inviting new people, my roommates and I ordered pizza, and after the exchange, they only paid a 1 in the end, and I actually made money. Haha In any case, just a brilliant app with no back account hassle. Makes total sense to me.
Awesome This is a great app. I had no problems downloading or getting any of the codes to use my phone or email. Took me all of 5 mins. Used it ASAP and my sister had her text confirmation before I put my phone down that her  was in her acct. Use code PGMQFPT and get 5.00 to start off in your acct.
I simply love it You literally get the funds into your account within minutes.  So easy.
Very easy and convenient It's pretty straightforward.  I use it all the time
Fast and simple Best app to send money. So easy and goes into your account in seconds
Perfect Can send money with no fees. Don't need an account. Can send from a computer. Money immediately available to your account without having to withdrawal and now can use a credit card. AWESOME.
Makes a lot of things simpler...
Nice app Easy and convenient  if you type in this code WJWLXBT you get 5 back.
Works Grest Simple easy full features
Kiran Very nice app for cash transaction
The Best to Send cash to my sons
Cheap for start up business 1.5 is a lot more  in your pocket then 3
