Best app I have found for a provider I am a professional firefighter  paramedic in MD and a paramedic in MD,  WV   VA for a transport company I work for and use this app just about everyday at work.  Is a great quick reference guide and has a ton of states and jurisdictions.   Great app and highly recommended
Worth the money This is one of the very few apps I have no complaints about. The money spent is well worth it. This app is very useful for in the field diagnosis and treatment procedures
Excellent Well worth the cost. Use this everyday I work and never have any problems. I have purchased new phones and product is easy to port into new phone. I recommend that ALL paramedic providers have this.
Works Works well multiple agencies in different states I've used this app.  Worth the money
Update I love this app. It is very very useful.  I use it almost every shift.  However,  West Virginia got new protocols starting today. Will there be an update soon
Great app Very helpfull in the field, alwayd up to date
Best App for NYC REMAC I have the app on my apple devices and now I have it on my android phone. It looks exactly like the protocols book would look like and it also gives you a menue. Highly recommended
Great protocol app The best protocol appi ever come across.  My protocols recently changed and my app knew about it before the change came through.
I love it but wish things were hyperlinked.
2 thumbs up Every paramedic should have this
Works great. Use it regularly
Well worth the price
Great protocol app Keeps me up to date with protocols
Just what I was looking for App works exactly as it should and dev is very quick with response to any questions. I do not like to pay money for apps, but this one is worth it.  Everything works as described
Finally I've been waiting so long for this app to hit the Android Market and it's finally here... Just in time for me to get rid of my Android
Jason Had problems with this at first, but the dev was very quick to identify and fix a problem on his end. Thank you dev for your prompt response and fix Works as it should now.
Great app I have had this app on my ipod touch for years, came in handy when I did my internship in another county. The other county didn't have protocol books so it was huge
Great Great apparently for emsproviders
Solid Works great and always up to date
Works great The app breaks the protocols down to an easy to read format. Great way to quickly access data. Publisher is very good about answering questions as well.
A must have for every medic This app is an excellent resource for every medic. Protocols are always up to date and the author of this app is prompt with all his correspondence.
Finally on Android Love it, would also like to see the ability to add custom contacthospital info for mapping as well.
Scott It works great Thanks.
