It's great I get alerts about my package  when it arrives.  Saves alot of time rather than going to the site. .
Works Great For Me 95 of its usage for me, is my Amazon Prime packages. I love the constant Text and Email updates I opted for both as well as the option to click the Tracking Number link UPS sends me as soon as a number has been generated. I love knowing where my stuff is in realtime                  For me, I have never had a problem, with this app. Now my crappy phone, Galaxy S5, that's another story....it's a real toilet.
So simple Such a simple and cleanly laid out app, and at the same time, it has many options for the user.  Excellent app.  With all the options, coupled with the clean and easy to use layout,  anyone should be able to use this without any issues.  You don't have to be tech savvy to reap all the benefits of this app.  I wish I had this a long time ago, instead of using my browser to go to the website for tracking.  This app is a MAJOR time saver.
Awesome handy app Very useful if your expecting a delivery but do not have any information to hand or a way to be alerted instantly or updated on an important parcels progress especially if theres unexpected delays etc fantastic ups well done.
Easy to use awesome app Refer to title. This app is very easy to use and the information is great.
Best Way to Ship Anything You guys get it done and its done on time
UPS App This app works great for getting updates on shipments. I like the hold at a UPS facility for pick up. Saves me lots of annoying redeliveries...chasing a driver around, they ALWAYS deliver when no one is around to sign for things.
Really like but Keeps logging me out...frustrating 
On time I was home when my package came. The ups carrier rang the door bell and was walking away when I answered the door. Before he drove off I received a email stating my package was delivered. Wow... technology is amazing, And so is this app that uses it. No more sitting and watching the door for my packages. Great  UPS app.
Bingo Just what I was hoping for.  Clear and easy to use
Simple and efficient Easy to track packages and can save tracking numbers.
Five star app it does its job
Great  I can always depend on UPS to give me excellent service. Including the Delivery Personnel, always w a smile.
Perfect I am able to not only track my packages, but I can also change where they deliver it to or change the delivery to a different then the scheduled delivery date. Very easy and super convenient
Highly recommend
