Dark and circular This icon pack just fits the darker style I like and they are circular compared to the square icons which is an extra bonus
Love them keep them coming Dope icons what more can I say
Looks awesome and works with my stock launcher.
I like the icons Great buy compared to stock icons
Great icon theme Since I stare at computers all day for work, I need something darker and easy on the eyes. This is it Works wonders. Only thing I'm trying to find out is how to request a new icon. Thanks, Dev
Beautiful icons Really easy on the eyes and saves battery life. Goes great with dark themes
Outstanding One of my 2 favorite icon packs on the play store. My other favorite is also from Stealthychief
Sweet app. Looks amazing and is very easy to use.
Awesome
Flawless Flawless
Worth every penny
Best icon pack
Best I have used Complete and sleek icon pack
AWESOME SO SO SO AWESOME The assignment of icons at first was a little confusing but once you master it SO GREAT QUALITY OF IMAGES ARE GREAT, SLEEK, EYE GRABBING ICONS. LITERALLY MAKES YOUR PHONE FEEL COMPLETELY NEW IDK ABOUT IPHONES BUT THIS IS WHY I LOVE ANDROID S5 USER WITH NOVA LAUNCHER N ITS GREAT THANKS CEREBRAL MISCHIEF
Great dark icon pack I have tried many different icon sets, but stealth is the only one gets permanent residency on my devices.
Huge fan of dark themes. And this theme along with the Nova launcher is perfection
WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN ALL MY ANDROID LIFE I don't usually purchase apps without testing the free version first. I didn't see any free versions. But looking through comments and this devs other icon packs it's easy to see the high level of detail and quality in each version. All that to say  PURCHASED and lovin it
Calendar Not Changing Looking for help Using Stealth and Nova Launcher, the Google Calendar icon suddenly stopped changing with the date. Anyone know a fix
Best Best icon pack I've seen and used. Been using it for over a year now. I refuse to even browse for a different icon pack. Dev is constantly adding new icons and doing updates. Awesome 105 stars
Superb... ... quality, easy to use, effective styles. Icons 'pop'. Thanks
Must Have Love the dark theme...
Great look Quick after sales expaining installation.
Just awesome
Love it
A minor gripe... I'd like to see the Whatsapp icon redone. It's not stealthified enough. It's too bright and it sticks out amongst the rest of the icons on my screen. Even the design of it looks off somehow.
Jayziz It's the only item pack I've ever found that I love CHEERS
Best icon set yet Seriously, the number of icons this set contains is phenomenal. It has everything And they look so good
Nice Icons Exactly the icons i was looking for
Best icon sets Best looking.. and fits with any wallpaper set up.
Clean. Icons are smooth and very nice to just look at. Psh. B
Awesome icons One of the easiest interfaces for browsing the icons and submitting requests too
Love it
Awesome icons
Beautiful Fantastic icons.
