Useful The app is useful but UI needs to be improved. It is designed like physical book and not keeping into considerations the UI immersive abilities of Android
Awesome I m a app developer and i know how difficult is to develop the app with correct information. So 5 stars 
Excellent Very handy and useful. It helps me a lot.When i need to review my grammar i dont need to worry anymore coz i have this app handy.5 star high five
Great app. Great app, i would recommend this to any student...especially high school students. Good for maintaining your mind.
My HTC radir Very nice , very helpful , I impressed by this app , may God blessed u , this app is excellent soo 5stars ,
This app is superb, very user friendly and easy to understand and use.
Love it Best n easy way to learn grammar. Best thing is its very user friendly interface. Really guys have it
It's really very useful This app is really very useful to know the basic of English grammar. Precisely written with pertinent examples but l think the field of topics should be broadened.  Best of luck for the developers Gonna give you 5 stars as you people deserve it.. 
Brilliant Its a very good app I always have trouble with English gramma the proper way to wright things this app helps a lot im giving you 5 star its well worth it
Best Grammar app It is a really very nice app, it has helped me alot improving my Grammar skills, the best thing is that this app also provides you a small exercise which helps you to further strengthen your knowledge ..
Great Very nice, great apps. Helpful   5 stars for me
What an excellent English teacher,wow It's just excellent,I highly recommend it for South Africans those who's willing to learn and speak proper English as we all know that English is like a Universal language,for communicating with other nations.
Excellent Very good app to bush up grammar we learned at the school. Will refine the final  communication. Test section is very useful. It is not for you if you want to be a purist in grammar usage. But it will definitely improve written and spoken English.
Great The best app to learn English grammar. There are some mistakes in the practice section. Keep up the good work and add further lessons to get to the top.
THANK YOU DEVELOPER This is a must to have application. Very useful and concise app that anyone would understand. Other developer should follow your example on of making a high quality app. Keep it up developer. You're helping a lot of people with this app, especially students. Again, please accept my gratitude. God bless you.
Great application This app is simple and great. It explains in an easy way, so that ppl who still get confused about grammer will understand it faster. Well done
Excellent Beautiful and nicely done Easy to read. Great job. Here's yer nickle
