Well, Verizon is at it again Used to work on my S3 on 4.3, but now it's ridiculously slow. Hopefully you guys can figure out what they are doing, but it's to the point where it ruins the data on my phone apps themselves when I start up foxfi.
FoxFi was working as of 11192015 UPDATE 112415 ITS BACK UP   Have a N900v been using FoxFi with no issues for the longest time but as for 11202015 I can no longer toggle WiFi Hotspot feature. When it comes to the part to toggle hotspot in settings, all it does is pin wheel then nothing. As if something was blocking it. Was on 5.0 when it happened even reverted back to 4.4.4 with the issue still there. Currently using USB mode to get by. Will change rating if this issue can be resolved.
Update  it's back.. Thanks  Like the other people, as of 1120 it's no longer working and I've been using this app for years now... Please help get this fixed and working again. I'm on an S4 with Verizon unlimited service and I use this app for all my Internet access cause I'm on a mountain where we have no options to high speed Internet.
Please update for Att. I am seriously missing my foxfi. If you can fix Verizon, surely you can fix Att. Paid version stopped working today after ATT update to 4.3 for Galaxy Note 2. Have rated this app at 5 stars in the past. Send us a fix and I will again. Update Got the Note 3 and I'm back 
Blocked I use FoxFi for my daughter who is in college.  We do not have any options for Internet in our area.  Now Verizon has blocked my FoxFi as of 11202015.  Please find a way around it
It works for LG Nitro Only thing is why only 313 Peak Kbps I did a speed test  my phone is doing 18Mbps... the connection is too slow to get anything to work... ie my netflix. Need to raise the bar guys. This is simply too slow to make it worth it for people. It does function tho so technically it works. Thanks for makin sweet app. Hopefully u guus are millionaires soon. Lates
Love it but stopped working  I've had this app for about 4 years and have loved it. I have unlimited data and use this for pretty much everything, as do my kids.  Please fix whatever is wrong....I miss my Internet 
Genius update A billion thanks Best app ever They are super intelligent ..I have no idea how you do it but this app saved people thousands of dollars they free us from overly priced plans and contracts.
WiFi stopped working Samsung s3 WiFi stopped working on 112015. Was working GREAT till then.  Now it keeps looking for subscription and shutting down.  PLEASE GET THIS FIXED  I've been a loyal user and have gotten you lots of new subscribers over the years...  PLEASE  I drive truck over the road and use it to stream tv and surf web...
My Knight in shining armor The best ever twith my daughter watching Netflix I can use my phone and has work for me so far no complaints for the money to spend. I hope it just never ends. Haven't had any issues no crashes . Maybe once a week has been a few Buffy issues but thats it
11202015 stopped working updated 11242015 Thank you so much Foxfi developers Up and running agin. We love this app and almost cant live wo it      11202015 I have had this app on 2 phones for over a year and loved it, never had a problem. Then today, not working.
