Not too bad Has too many buttons on main screen that a toddler shouldn't access.  After completing each puzzle, it returns to this main screen, leaving my two year old clicking the More Apps or Language buttons and going places she shouldn't be.
Wonderful This app is awesome. They can't pull the prices off the screen 'my son loves the balloon popping after he finishes his puzzle ' I love how it tells him the name of the animal. Such A great app for a toddler who loves puzzles. 
Brought this app to the hairstylist for my almost 3 year old and couldn't thank it enough  What a blessing My son sat almost completely still through the whole cut
Educational but entertaining Great game to keep kids entertained,  but it's teaching them fine motor skills and so many other things at the same time.   My kids are about 32 months old and they caught on quickly.   The only suggestion I would have is to make it so the game can be locked by parent.  Thank you for this awesome game
Animal puzzle for kids A fun and easy game of match.my 3 year old gran loves it.so easy for her to catch on and enjoy by herself.we love it.
I hope my cousin likes this game because we are going to see Disney on ice it is going to be a long ride but i hope he does not like it too much because I would like to see my phone too
Animals puzzles for kids My sister love it so much she keep asking for my phone so she can play it she is two years old
Baby loved it Great array of animal puzzles to choose from. They are short and the art is cute. What is also wonderful is that sound of the completed animal puzzle is heard while its name is stated. Thank you
Animal game Virtual jigsaw 8 levels 3 year old grand daughter loved it.
Also useful for parent When children enjoying to play this app then parents got privacy for there plays. Hahaha.
My 2 yr old daughter has sooo much fun. Would recomend it.
Great app. Really love it. My 1.5 years old fighting with elder sister to play this game. It's fun, ads free and enthusiastic game. They really love to pop the baloons after which comes every successful completion.
My son loves this game My son can sit with this for hours n it helps them with their coordination
Fun Game Baby is 2 years old... I am 36 and we both love this game
Piece of cake Too eady for my niece to play. She s loving it
Very good app My 3 years old son like this app very much
Awesome My 4 year old sister loves so much she doesn't want to stop playing
Kipps Great app 2yr old daughter took to it straight away.
My son is 2 yrs 10 months and he loves this app already
Best puzzle game.  Music and sounds are NOT annoying.  Wish there was a pay version for no ads.
Fab My 2 year old plays this game every day and he has learnt a lot from it.
Great app My daughter absolutely loves this app  she'll be 2 in November
Absolutely love it My 2 year old loves this app. She's learnt several new animals, improved her ability to solve puzzles without my help. Superb app. Thanks
So educating Even my high schooler sister play this XD
Excellent All my kids liked it  school, helps in improving attention n eye had coordination
