Works now Read other feedback. Clear cache and data. Then uninstall and reinstall. Now it works.  All my missing stars showed up.  Just remember your login information.
After this free coffee week all if a sudden when they scan it it's not showing any progress toward a my free cup,  but every Wednesday I get a free cup  I just uninstalled and reinstalled the app,  let's see if that fixes it....... Edit...... That fixed it I now have only 2 stars like I  should
Just received the new update on my note 4 now is working I thought I was the only one with this problem that the Barcode wouldn't scan I am a big 7 eleven customer I go 5 to 6 times every week to buy my coffee and my snacks before go to work
Completely Bugged Edit I love this app now that it installed properly and it allowed me to make an account I've already gotten to redeem several cups of free coffee. Totally great app                         Original I just installed this app and it won't even let me create an account so that I can use it. Nothing happens when I tap submit. This app is crap. Don't waste your time.
Oh thank heaven It's buggy right now I don't see all my star and I'm at my 7th cup please fix
Works great As a 711 daily freequenter, i love that i can ern punches even on refills. Despite it bot showing up some days, my punches are always accounted for within 24hrs. 
To those who are having a problem about this app.. you just have to reinstall it so.. it would scan in the store.. I'm working at a 7 11 and the customers just reinstall it and it scanned... IT WORKS
Love this app Galaxy S5 This app is great, I go to 7eleven every morning and get coffee. You swipe it every time you buy a cup of coffee and after 7 cups you get a free one.   Sometimes they run specials so you can get free coffee for over a week just for using the app. I know if your phone is underpowered and has brightness turned down,  it will have issues scanning.  Other than that this app is perfect and great for anyone who loves free coffee.
