Getting downloaded file not found error If I change the download location to external memory, I'm getting error. I can't able to download.
I know away to fixe the game If your kim Kardashian game has been acting up and deleting all your saved data i can help you with all of that to contact me you can kik me atdawoncollinsand i will get rite with you
Best torrent app i have My other apps stopped working and stop recognizing torrents so i gave this a try ... best one ive had so far
Perfect Effective working mabe needs a different way of showing progress but still perfect fast simple good at handeling anything in its way that other prog see it inncorrect or just hangs so here 5 stars for the perfect codeing and great design keep it up good people
Love it Always great download speed as long as you know what files are safe and unsafe to download you're good. Heads up always check seedersleechers also 320mp3 is best for most devices as any higher quality is a waste of space as your device can not give you the sound quality. Anyway lt3 utorrent for life 
Great App This has been one of my favorite desktop applications for years. The Android App continues this history of excellent performance. Keep up the good work
Great app. I absolutely love this app and it also helps keep my files in order. The only problem with it is that it has way way way to many ads which sometimes puts me off since everytime you click something an ad pops up. Other than that, a fantastic app.
As expected. Utorrent has always delivered a high quality service if you know what you are doing. Efficient, practical, perfect. Buy pro.
Amazing Excellent  Awesome This is the most amazing app on the store...
You've tried the rest. Now try the best Great app. I occasionally get ads, but it's okay. My external sdcard shows up as shared memory, but it works. No bandwidth caps like other apps.
No words.... Just start using it.... as always free version has some drawbacks... but those don't hamper overall functionality... so enjoy using it
This app is the shizzzz All the haters just need to learn how to use the app...
Best Android torrent app I've tried several and this is the only one that work simply and straight forward. Great app mateys.
Speed up the torrent I have 2mbps Internet connection. But utorrent max speed is under 300 kbps ,can i speed up More or you guys can speed up More......
Top Notch App What to say...size chota but kaam bahut hi bada
Works like a charm I use it almost every day, never had a  problem w it.
